Daily Huddle Link (Data, Review Linkedin, and Email Strategies)
Sat, Aug 1, 2026

0:36 - Xander
Hello, hello, hello. All right. Can you hear me clearly, Justin?

0:48 - Justin Bellware
Yes.

0:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

0:52 - Justin Bellware
Audio, no video. Cool. Let's do it to it. Let's stay focused. We can get this knocked out. Most important stuff here. Anything you want to go over quickly?

1:09 - Xander
Um, I think we can just go ahead and start.

1:13 - Justin Bellware
So, if you got something you want to leave with, it's okay.

1:17 - Xander
Okay, so first, uh, we talked about the more transparency on the number of emails going out. So, right now, everything I use so far is Django Mail. So I've only warmed up the this mall plus bird. As for resend, I actually don't have access to upgrade the plan there.

1:41 - Justin Bellware
So if we where did I hear or did I see you say that you sent out 2,000 emails via resend and then it was all good?

1:53 - Xander
I don't think I sent out. Two thousand emails by recent. Maybe it's Django Mail. Because the maximum we can send on recent on the free plan is only a thousand per month.

2:29 - Justin Bellware
Okay. So you haven't even tested out list monk. I'm over here thinking that list monk tested and that you're sending. That's why we gotta have more transparency.

2:50 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh yeah, yeah. Okay.

2:52 - Justin Bellware
And then you sent out 25 on list monk, whereas I thought you sent out 2000.

3:01 - Xander
I sent out 50, I as well. Another warming up, and it's good.

3:06 - Justin Bellware
So, testing is 10,000.

3:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

3:11 - Justin Bellware
That's testing. So, it's not test, it hasn't been tested yet. You haven't even used it yet. You don't even know what you're dealing with yet.

3:18 - Xander
Got it.

3:22 - Justin Bellware
I need you to get out of these small numbers and small mindset, man.

3:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah.

3:25 - Justin Bellware
yeah after our meeting earlier yeah I I can't it kind of clicked because you know you're saying you're saying about like a million emails and I'm out here you know being conservative and uh you know I kind of realized that's a small number too a million is not much if you think about it right if we if the average person like look at josh's list right look at josh he's a one-person coaching business he took over the business a year and a half ago right? He's got a list of 20,000. He turned into 10,000. He cleaned it up and got it down to 10,000. And he's just running ads himself kind of off and on here and there a little bit. And he's got a Facebook group and a school group, right? If we do a campaign for him and we do a regular campaign, we're going to send 50,000 emails because we're going to send 10,000 on a five-day email campaign. That's just $50,000 for a one-man small business coach in New Zealand. If I start talking to people and having two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight calls a day, right? And I start getting two or three or four campaigns or five campaigns at least a week that are going out. We're talking about sending a million emails just on just doing those JV campaigns, not our own newsletters. Not on our own testing efforts, because we should be testing twice as much as we're sending. So if I'm sending 100,000 a week for us, then we're actually sending 300,000 because we're testing two others always. That's why I really need you to go through that book this week. Um, this weekend, I know it's the weekend. I know you love hanging out with the girlfriend, I'm sure she's amazing, nice and all soft and cuddle. You know, you could cuddle up, it's nice and soft, and you got it, right?

5:08 - Xander
You know, I will be listening while I can, right?

5:11 - Justin Bellware
You know, like when you listen, you start to understand the business mindset, and you start to, start talking to you about, hey, look, what's the control? Right now, if I say that, what the fuck are you talking about? That's the main email piece that's working the best, right? That one's getting a 30% open, a 30% click-through rate. Cool. If we have a control, then we have two or three others that we're testing at any given time. So, if we have a list right now of 20,000, we should be sending at least 20,000 a day on our main newsletter, which means that we're actually sending how many? 60 to 80,000. Because we have three or four others that we're testing along with it to see which ones they're responding to. Right, you cannot oversend on email, you cannot oversend unless you're sending from the same. Like, if I if we send it, hey, from Xander and it's Xander's Xander's newsletter, and we send five emails a day from Xander's newsletter, that's that it's oversending, that's spam. But if we have Xander's newsletter, then we have the email corner, and then we have the efficiency, you know, efficiency, you know, roadblock, right? Like we have these five different brands that are kind of five different angles. They may even talk about the same thing, but they're five unique angles, right? They're very unique ways of looking at the same thing, right? Referral marketing. Referral marketing versus power partners versus affiliate marketing, versus, you know, saying versus like the anti-paid ads, right? We hate paid ads, right? Versus the connect with your customers. We're actually all talking about the same thing, but one is focusing on the angle of I want to connect with my customers. One is focusing on we hate paid ads. One is focusing on referrals are your best. Your best source. One is focusing on power partners and how to turn them into turn networking into actual referrals. You see, so even though it's the same subject and you might even send it to the same place, right? It's still saying a different angle. Which makes it a unique newsletter. It makes it a unique angle. It's a different thought. Does that make sense?

7:37 - Xander
Yep, yep. I just have a question there. So if we're sending like different angles from different emails or newsletters, do we route them on the same link?

7:50 - Xander
Good question.

7:51 - Justin Bellware
Very good question. Now you're thinking. And hold on one second. What do you say, Zah? No. Good question. Very good question. And the answer is yes and no, right? So sometimes you will, most times you won't. The best way to do it, best practice is to have a unique link for each one. And that's why you have that editorial style article. Medium.com is a good starter. We can do a lot better with a beehive. Right? Have a beehive post that we send it to. And then, even better than that, is having a blog post that's that's like a sales page, kind of like how I showed you earlier, like having something like this, right? That we send it, that we send them to that is kind of more like this, but better. This is this is just too small, right? This is, it doesn't look that good. But having something like this, but having a call to action up top here would make sense. Or even like sending them to an AI integrator's landing page like this, right? They can go to something like this, right? That's a little bit too big on the pair. I gotta fix the formatting there too, right? Something like this is perfect, right? Where it's big, it looks good. Something like that, but or watch this. Todd Brown. Let me see. Sending them to a Todd Brown style page. Let me see if I can find something from him. This is his main website. Let me see if I can find a page that's more selling. Something like this is good. This is editorial style landing page. This is colors aren't great on this, to be honest. But it worked for him. He wouldn't have this up here if it didn't convert. When you watch Todd Brown's stuff, he's obsessed with AV marketing and testing. He knows exactly how many people came to this page, how many. Clicked through, and he knows where they went to on the page. 20% of people stopped here, and another 3% of people stopped here, right? He knows all that stuff, right? Um, something like this is pretty good, too. There's even better ones I can find the examples of as well, right? But, um, something like this is even pretty good, editorial style, it's got some really just really good landing pages like that. Marketer memo. That's a good product that has too well. Actually, see. There's one more example here. Big marketing idea. This is a really good book. I think this is actually, no, it's not the landing page. I remember for that one. Work with me. Yeah, this is it right here. Like they said like this, all right. This is perfect type of stuff to send people to from a newsletter. So, so good. Nice little cutout, simple, easy. Boom. Right. So, answer your question.

11:14 - Xander
Um, yep, yep.

11:15 - Justin Bellware
Yes, you want to send them, we'll send them to unique links. That's when we're doing, we're really starting to become serious about this. And we have like unique links for each newsletter and unique offers and stuff. That's when we're going to really feel like we're fucking doing some stuff.

11:32 - Xander
So clear there. Another thing, Justin, I'm confused about the, you since I just started, you know, setting up the SMTPs and stuff. So the plan in the bird page, that is for the number of emails we can send, right? For that, using their SMTP.

11:55 - Justin Bellware
I guess so. You got the shooter to talk about.

11:58 - Xander
Yeah, share my screen quickly.

12:01 - Justin Bellware
Did you see this, by the way? Oh, single brain was talking shit to you, bro.

12:08 - Xander
Yeah, yeah, it like adding a message every time we sent the message. It was like chirping in the side. Right.

12:19 - Justin Bellware
Listen, this is right though, actually, right? This is this is right. The daily breakdown should include these things. This is exactly it, though.

12:26 - Unidentified Speaker
He doesn't have to do it right away.

12:28 - Justin Bellware
It did make us, it did go ahead and do the job for you, though, right? Like to make it, which is what I want you to start incorporating. Do more of this stuff, right? We can get so much more done if we utilize our tools, right? And that's Luna right there, by the way, too, doing that. Luna is fucking cranking, dude.

12:46 - Xander
It's not Bloom has a vision as well, so his vision is great. So I think overall it's better if it's cheaper, you know.

12:54 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Can you go through and give me a plan on how we can actually do in a cost-effective way. If I already spent $50 on this list and $100 on both these lists for gyms and solar, what is it that we can do to maybe spend an extra 30 bucks on each list and get all the emails? We need to go through and enrich each one, each company. We already have company. We have an email for them that's not valid. So we have a domain name as well, potentially other socials. And I have other lists that come with a lot of where they'll have a domain name, they'll have socials, at least one that we can use. We just don't get good emails. I need you to help me to put together the ultimate enrichment. System and I need it to be cost-effective, right? It needs to be something that is manageable and easy financially with Super Browse. I've been working on it in the background. I'm not giving up on it. I'm probably going to have to rebuild it from scratch at some point.

14:21 - Xander
But because right now, I think. It's not that consistent. I think that's the problem with it.

14:29 - Justin Bellware
It's not, but one of the problems is that I don't know for some reason the reasoning isn't that good. So I went through, it now goes through a full council session like it's supposed to and it uses reasoning models, right? So it's use reasoning models to do the council session and thinking. Right? Because I told her, I said I just need to do better planning and execution. And then going say over here: 11 cents, it found 240 companies for 11 cents. Publish your results to a here.now, please. So, publish this, actually, publish this CSV on a Google Sheet or publish it to a here.now, please. So, look, it went through and found 240 unique. I gave it a $30 ceiling to find roofing companies within 100 miles of Tampa. They found 240 unique companies for 11 cents. Be more than that, though. 240 actually in Tampa, 100 miles. That's actually, that's probably pretty close, right? Let me do this.

16:07 - Xander
Now, that's another thing, even if it's in a thread, you have to mention it every time, right?

16:12 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, no, that's little things like that, which I don't get because I use the same template as single brain.

16:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

16:17 - Justin Bellware
And telling it to you, but it's inconsistent. That stuff drives me crazy, too. Also, can you use the Phantom Buster skill and add that into your repertoire here as well? Because we could potentially use Phantom Buster for Google Maps and yellow pages to help you to be able to scrape more. It would probably help too as well to make a better plan where you can go through, find all the directory sites, which includes the larger ones like the home advisors and porch and Yelp, as well as like Yellow Pages and whatnot, and put them all into a tier of buckets. And then from there, you could go through and attack them versus just crawling through Google. With brute force. Boom.

17:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

17:25 - Justin Bellware
I did get it. It's supposed to be looks like working a little bit faster, though. And I did not publish it, so here, not now.

18:06 - Xander
Another thing, Justin, since we will have like three sources to it.

18:12 - Justin Bellware
Can you check and see why the threading doesn't work on the app? Also, the planning seems to be doing better, but I'm looking for it to give me a full executable plan. As if I'm here in like Claude Code, right, or in Codex, where if I put it in plan mode, it gives a full executable plan with reasoning and thought, thought well out. I'm looking forward that. If you can give me the full plan mode, give me the thought traces on the reasoning, and then fix the threading too while you're at it in the Slack app. That'd be awesome. Sorry, Zanda, what are you saying?

18:55 - Xander
Oh, wait, David. So, we have right now in the SMOC, we have a bird and recent SMTP, right? So, does it work in the sense where I have to use different SMTPs for the different newsletters? Like, for example, I will use the BIRD for the main street newsletter and I will use the recent for the referral newsletter, or it doesn't work that way, and I can just use any of them for each. That we send out?

19:40 - Justin Bellware
Wait, say it again. Are you asking about wait, I'm sorry, I said it again.

19:50 - Xander
I think a more simpler version of that question would be, can I use the same bird SMTP that we have to use it to send from three different newsletters?

20:04 - Justin Bellware
Yes and no. Yes and no. So yes, you can and yes, we will, but that's why warm up multiple SMTPs. And that's why you have multiple. Like we're going to have a dedicated IP with resen. We're also going to send through their shared IPs. We're going to have a dedicated IP with BERT. We're also going to send through their shared IPs. We're going to add in at least one or two other SMTPs. We're looking at potentially, you know, saying kind of building our own version of that too as well. Though we'll probably just stick with the main ones for right now. The cost is prohibitive, but it's okay. If we're sending that much mail, we should be like generating that much revenue as well. At the end of the day, these emails all generate revenue if we're doing it right. Right now, we're just doing the educational, informational stuff with a couple plugs in, but we need sending 100,000 emails or 50,000 emails to really see the revenue, right? Because it's not like these are opt-in lists where they kind of know us. So we're sending like, it's almost like if you get a piece of sending a piece of mail right into your mailbox. And in the Philippines, it's different. Here in the US, I go to the mailbox, I get 10 pieces of mail a day, right? It's one in every, I think Jay Conrad Levinson is the one who quoted it. For every three times you send an advertisement, they only see it once, takes nine times for them to see it before they actually take action. So we got to send 27 pieces of email. And that was in 19, that was like in the 2000s. Now those numbers are five times. So for every 100 emails that we send them, there's one they'll actually take an action on, right? They may open it, but clicking is what we need them to do. And then once they click through, we got to make sure that they convert, right? And so, if we send them 100 pieces of email before they actually opt in, that's assuming they get it delivered, so they see it. It's assuming they open it, it's assuming they click that's in that's us working on getting them to click through, right? So, we need to be tracking all those stats, obviously. Um, but um. Yeah, we'll use multiple SMTPs and we'll send it through SMTP. We'll send different newsletters SMTPs. Why? Because number one, we're protecting ourselves by having multiple SMTPs warmed up. And also because we are testing deliverability, right? We're testing to see, you know what I'm saying? Can I deliver my mail through this route versus that route and get more opens and more clicks? You know?

22:51 - Xander
Got it. I think another thing, since you mentioned about the number of clicks, right? We need to measure that. We're adding like a couple of other links there as well, right? Like the sources of the news. So if they click through those links, will that get counted as clicks?

23:07 - Justin Bellware
So that's why going back into say something was this. And this is where, right now, we don't want to overthink it, but this is where this is where it gets fun, actually, Xander. Right, this is where it gets fun, and then we'll dive into data before we spend too much time on this. We can keep talking about it as we go, but um, listen, I can jam out on this stuff all day. I love email marketing and I love direct response marketing, which is what we're doing, direct response. Is I'm and then I get a direct response. I an action back, right? That's like LinkedIn. I send a message, send a connection request, and they respond, right? So if I were to go to my feed, I click here and I say copy link to post. Watch. This post is linkedin.com. LinkedIn's a blogging platform. Facebook is a blogging platform. WordPress is a blogging platform. They're all the same, right? It's all they are. They're databases. So this is linkedin.com. It's in the post category. So in the back end of LinkedIn, there's posts and video newsletter, right? They're just different categories of content, right? Because it's all databases. So in their database, this is a post. The post is by called this. And then the share is this. Everything after the question mark is what?

24:35 - Xander
Is that the what they call this? Not sure if it's a referral link or it's tracking.

24:43 - Justin Bellware
It is for referral links. Yep. And with referrals, it's tracking the cookies of your browser. This is what's called a UTM. Whenever you see UTM, it's an advertising tracking every single time. So now it's telling you everything before this is what do you think this is then? If everything after the question mark is tracking, what's everything before the question mark?

25:10 - Xander
The actual link to the post, which is what?

25:22 - Justin Bellware
It's just a piece of data that tells you where it's at in the database. Database. Right? It just tells you where this is at in the database. So this is the database. This is the tracking, right? For advertising, right? And so UTM source, it's a share. Why? Because I clicked on what? I clicked on the copy link to post, right? That's a share function, right? So it's a share. The sources I'm sharing from member desktop. You watching this?

26:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Right?

26:01 - Justin Bellware
The sources I'm sharing from the desktop, then whatever this code means to them. Is what this means, what the rest of this means. This is their own unique internal tracking, right? So it tells you that. Now, look, if I go to a different post like this one, and I hit copy post link, what happens? It's obviously a different post. And then, what is this? It's a different tracking, right? So, I'm showing you that because you asked about if a valid question, very good question. Um, if I uh, if I have links that go to different other news articles, isn't that going to affect the tracking? That's why we need to have different tracking links for the different articles, or to keep it simple, we have a specific tracking link for our articles. And if I were you, I would do something like this, like a first promoter. You could do something different. But I would, this is actually for speaker agent, so we won't do it for us. We won't do that for us with speaker agent, but we would do something like a first promoter or. A GoAF Pro or something like that and affiliate management, right? And I would have, I would, if I were you, I'd be tracking. You could usually do it through the email program, though, but we should be tracking it through here. So that way, or something like this. So that way you can say, hey, Justin, look, you know, I drove a thousand visitors to our link last week and of 25 of them booked a call, or 10 of them booked a call, and two of them turned into customers. So I can directly say I generated $8,000 in revenue last week. You see what I'm saying?

28:22 - Xander
So, the way this works is that we will give them the link and they will add what they call this tracking link at the end to our links. All of the links, like the step-by-step process, where if they click book a call, there will be routed to a link where there's a tracking link as well. So we can count the number of people who booked a call. So, is that how it works?

28:45 - Justin Bellware
Kinda, yeah.

28:48 - Justin Bellware
It's a referral tracking platform, right? So, for instance, they program for speaker agent. Here's the website URL. You can choose what type of link you want to use for tracking. And then now on this campaign, I can create an affiliate portal, copy campaign, sign up link. So now that's for speaker agent AI. Oh, sorry, that's a campaign sign-up link. So, this is the dashboard for this campaign. So, now this is like an example. So, yeah, it says question mark, referral, because we chose that type of link, preview, and then it's a preview token. So, that's what it would be a unique token if you signed up for this. Make sense?

30:08 - Xander
Yep, yep.

30:10 - Justin Bellware
I just don't want to pay. I think this is. Yeah, it's 50 bucks a month up to 5,000 in revenue from affiliates. You gotta pay 100 for 15,150. The first promoter is the really good one. There's GoAF Pro, and what is the rewards? There's another one called. Oh, I'm not trying to go to their site.

31:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Rewardful.

31:04 - Justin Bellware
That's the one I was looking for. They have pricing too. Okay. Up to 7,500 amounts. There's quite a few of these. I guess I'll just pay for a fifth. I just don't want to. I guess if we don't process the, we can use it for tracking because we're not selling through the affiliate link. There's also other ways to track too. Unlimited affiliates, unlimited sales, unlimited revenue, basically a portal. I might actually. This out because this is actually the one that is used by CARPA Health. That's where I got this from I'm surprised I never heard of it. From landing page to conversion, refer link generator for affiliates from merchants. Merchants. 'Cause then um Oh, that's why. That's pretty cool. That may not work for us. We can try it though. Graph Pro. I like first promoter. Anyways. Let's get distracted showing you just so that we will have different ways to track. See this? Parameters, UTM source. All right. Campaign monitor, audience full climbing adjacent. So they all have. Email tracking built in. List monk probably doesn't because it's open source, but build it in right and/or just use like things like affiliates, affiliate links, things like that, Google campaign URL builder, the Google Analytics, right? There's a lot of solutions for stuff like that, right? This is not new. So, what was I telling you? That's affiliates and tracking. So, data is the big thing. Going back to data, and that's what I'm too as well. I said, now doing affiliate marketing, too, like, man, e-commerce is huge, right? We could literally pull, this is kind of expensive, right? We can pull all the stores on any two platforms with something like this. This is all the stores on any two platforms, 2,000 searches per month, unlimited searches. And even pull this through Appify, 2,000 searches, unlimited. Enrichment.

35:17 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

35:17 - Justin Bellware
And so. Going to Yeah, what Yeah, 'cause you're getting smarter. Is it 2,000 searches or 2,000 records? 135,000 active stores added every week. That's crazy. How do I get support? I want to ask For the plans that you have, one plan says 2,000 searches per month, another says unlimited. Is a search a search for a query, or is a search record count as a store? Because I would want to pull lists for lead generation to do email marketing to e-commerce stores, and I'm not sure which plan to choose. Right, so store leads, right? E-commerce, like again, there's so many ways to get to get tens of thousands of emails, right? So I want to figure out the data part. I think for right now, though, what's most important, if I give you a bunch of stuff to go through for data, I think you'll do it, but I don't think you know enough to know enough, right? Like you didn't, would you have known to ask that question there?

37:29 - Xander
Can you specific with the question?

37:31 - Justin Bellware
Like, I was say, like, I wanted to do, wanted I want to be able to give you more on the data side. I just don't think you know enough to know enough about like what to do on the data side, right? Like, what questions to ask, like, how to do that, you know? But you do have, please go ahead.

37:49 - Xander
Yes, to tell you that as well, you know, and I'm more lost in the data side. So. It's not where it's like the newsletter part where there's like marketing and creative side of it. So in the data side, it's more technical and I think there needs to be a lot of like studying or research or stuff like that to actually deep dive in there. And it's also very much related to costs. That's why. I agree with you that I don't know that much.

38:30 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, you just don't want to. You just don't want to. Just say it. I don't want to do that. Say, Justin, I don't want to do the fucking. Say, I want you to say, Justin, I don't want to fucking do the data. You hear, look, Xander cursing at me, dude. He said, I see that. Fucking cursing at me. Yeah, I don't mind doing the data part. I know it is associated with costs, and it's also just, you know, I hate to fucking say it, but I've been doing this shit so long, man, that I know more than what you would be able to figure out. Therefore, it would save us time and money by me doing it, though it just puts another thing on my plate. You know, I hate that, but it what it is. Notions paid for, so that's that's good. We don't lose access to that. I gotta pay for LinkedIn soon, too. So here's your email operations hub. So I need you to project manage, then, dude. I need you to really project manage. I need you to really own the project management, the content calendar, transparency. I need dashboards, right? I need to be able to plug into the email stuff because my actual genius, believe it or not, is on the email campaign side of things, right? Like, I've got some really good ideas that I need to be able to get out. Out to on how you do these newsletters, which is what some of some of the we'll start here, we'll do next, right? I want to review LinkedIn first. I'll do data and enrichment. I do want you to focus on the enrichment, though. I'll handle data, but the enrichment system you can do, right? So, like having these conversations, and I'll tag team with you as long as we do it in a shared channel. I'll tag team with you, like on these conversations around enrichment here, right? It might have timed out. I'm not going to get irritated because it might have timed out because I was had it working on it in the background. Now that I think about it. So you shouldn't be on Olama Cloud, right? We switched over to OpenAI Luma Number one, number two. It did time out again. Number three, here's an example of where we have to keep tagging it and also where it's not paying attention to tool calls. Should we switch back over to DeepSeek? What the heck? Hey, so number one, it shouldn't be on Olama. It should be on OpenAI GPT 5.6 Luna. It should be on Max mode as well. Number two, it did time out again. Number three, tool calls do seem to be a little bit sporadic. I had to ask three different times for it to go to here.Now, and it still didn't do it. Should we switch back over to DeepSeek? And also, can we get this stuff fixed? So I'll take care of the data in. We do need to get the enrichment part and it's a pain in the butt. I can focus on that, but it just takes away, man. But I guess if you can really focus, if I do that, then and you focus in on owning the email, the project management, the calendar, the dashboard, transparency, links, SMTPs, and all that stuff, right? Then that's a fair, I think that's a pretty fair tag team.

43:43 - Xander
What are your thoughts? Yeah, so for enrichment, I think that's, you know, that's something that I have to learn as well. But yeah, I think that's fair.

43:56 - Justin Bellware
I'll do it. I'll do the enrichment. I was saying for you, I need you to own the project management side of things. Going back over here to that Notion calendar, which I think was right here, right? Like this email operations hub. Like, I need to have a dashboard. I can see the stats of all of our SMTPs, all the campaigns, the platforms, emails sent, links, link opens, link clicks, right? I need to be able to see email copy that went out. Which one's working, what's the control, which one's A-B testing, what lists are working great, what lists need more data. Like, I need you to really own it and get super obsessed with it, like, psychotically assessed. If your girlfriend's not worried about your mental health because you're obsessed with email, then you're not working, you're not obsessed enough with it. Like, I need her to be like, Hey, Justin, we gotta talk, man. Something's wrong with Snow. He's always fucking thinking about and talking about fucking email marketing, you know. Is that is that are we on the same page? Is that fair?

45:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yeah. I hope she doesn't break up with me, though.

45:19 - Unidentified Speaker
No, no.

45:21 - Xander
She might get jealous of email marketing now.

45:24 - Justin Bellware
You'd be surprised, man. Females, they um. They love who's obsessed because it shows that because they're not like females, don't get obsessed about this stuff, right? But if you're obsessed with this stuff, that means you're making money, dude. You know?

45:40 - Xander
Yeah.

45:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

45:42 - Justin Bellware
No. So I'll do more. I'll just dive in on the data more. Because the enrichment that's the big deal, man. I do need you to still own pulling lists and stuff like that if I tell you to, but I guess I'll have to get you some.

46:04 - Xander
Yeah, I can assist independently.

46:33 - Justin Bellware
So let's do, go ahead, get on your end, get LinkedIn ready. Let's review the messaging, copy what's going on there.

46:40 - Xander
Yeah. Yep, yep. Before, after you share a screen, I can share my screen, but just to go through in a second.

47:00 - Justin Bellware
Just get it ready for me, please. Review email newsletter. And then we'll do the newsletter too. So if you want to get that ready too, we'll review what you're doing with the affiliate newsletter. If it would actually, and I'd love to be able to brain dump to you also for links.

47:18 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

47:19 - Justin Bellware
Right? Like links and lead magnets. That's actually a design creative thing too, lead magnets, links, right? I'll probably put that wheelhouse then, too, right? Because you're doing email, email design, email tracking, and then the links and landing pages and stuff that comes with it. That actually makes sense. I'll take care of data and we'll collaborate on deliverability. So you'll handle it, and I'll handle it too. How do you feel about that?

47:50 - Xander
Richie, great.

48:16 - Justin Bellware
That's good. With the AI slop, that's actually very good for us. We don't put AI slop out there.

48:25 - Xander
I'm curious, though, what will be the effect? Because when we're scrolling through the feed, it's also the AI slap. So I'm curious what will happen to those.

48:34 - Justin Bellware
Well, hopefully, everybody uses it so that way we can get rid of the crap and people can put more effort into putting out really good content. Because that's not going to be us, man. We ain't getting marked to slop we already put out good shit.

49:16 - Xander
Another thing, Justin, before we head over to LinkedIn. For me to be able to hit the numbers of newsletters being sent out, we do need to purchase a plant in present and bird.

49:35 - Justin Bellware
I already gave you permission for that three days ago. There's no excuse why it's not done.

49:39 - Justin Bellware
You should already have a card.

49:42 - Xander
you gave me a card, but the last time we talked, it's for auto-send and they're called this and for spaceship. But should I just be able to use that as well in resend and um and bird? I think you dropped it. There in the main control.

50:10 - Justin Bellware
No, no, no. I'm looking for something else. Okay. I was trying to find out where I put it. Right, because there's, I need to, I'm trying to put it out there, right? And I'm trying to do it in the best way, right? Because it's out of love, but it's also not an ask, it's a tell, right? Like, there's no excuse not to get it done, right? There's no excuse not to have the sins going out, there's no excuse not to have egos going out. If you need to upgrade something, you don't have a card. You need to be screaming at the mountaintops. Send me 1800 messages on Slack. Find my WhatsApp number and send me a text. Like, like, hey, Justin, I need a card for this. I need to do this. I need to do that. If you all hit this goal, right? If I told you three days ago to upgrade it and you still haven't upgraded it, that's on you, Xander. Right?

51:40 - Xander
Yep, yep. I understand. Yeah.

51:43 - Justin Bellware
You know, if you needed to, I would rather you use the wrong card and me say, no, what the fuck. Right? And okay, good job, right? You know what I'm saying? For upgrading it, right? I'd rather you do that than you know what I'm saying, um, than it not get done because I'm thinking it got done because I asked you to, you know. Um, but yes, you do need a different card for that. Um, I thought I gave you a card for those. I thought I did, and that's why you know you saying, Oh, I thought you. Know?

52:30 - Xander
I do like having different cards for each one, only because as for recent, I actually they're more strict and they actually don't have access to the plans. So it says that only the owner can actually change the plan. I can only purchase in burn.

53:55 - Justin Bellware
Here's another one too, as well to test because their emails are hitting my inbox. Now they could be using their own special servers, right? But their emails are. Yeah, so I gave you. So we can, I don't know, it's what's up with you. So you're good now. I like Recend lot, man. I think this could actually be a really good platform for us. We could probably go ahead and purchase a dedicated IP. I want to get a couple, at least three or four dedicated IPs, but we have to be able to send at least like 50,000 per, I think. Actually, I don't have to even look that up because I already know because I was. Jamming out with Claude about it earlier. No. And Recent is using, so is Agent Mail. They're using Amazon SES, right? So we could, if we have enough volume, can do Amazon SES, which gets email delivered. They're really good. They're just strict. They're kind of hard to start with with Amazon SES. And we can even do our own email servers on Amazon too. They're really good about deliverability, really good. High volume email, but they have a very strict, very strict bounce rate. So that's 16 cents per thousand emails up to 23 cents. We'd probably be in this tier: 22 cents per thousand emails. And then, if you get to 10 to 100 million emails, that's how big they are. That's how their emails get delivered. They hit the inbox. They're very good email validation.

59:10 - Xander
So, what's the blocker? Why are we not currently using this right now? Is it the volume? Do they require like huge volumes?

59:18 - Justin Bellware
It's not that they necessarily require huge volumes. Number one, they're hard to get approved for. Number two, number two, they. Do require, they do have a very strict rule, too. They have a very strict deliverability. Like, if you have a bounce rate percent, they'll shut you down sometimes.

59:53 - Xander
One percent, that's too much.

59:56 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, it's very strict. It's very strict. What's the cost for? $22. See that? Whereas everybody else is $80, $90, $80, $90, there's a $22.

1:00:23 - Xander
It's a lot cheaper. Actually, I think for Bird, I checked here in their startup plan. For 100,000 email messages, it's $30. So it's not that bad.

1:01:00 - Justin Bellware
And their startup plan, yeah, they're missing something though. Ty, you watching science? No. No. How about watch science for 25 minutes until 3 o'clock?

1:01:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:01:57 - Justin Bellware
But good science, though. Good science. No bullshit, bullshit. Yeah. See if you can sign up on your end. Oh, crap. I don't know how it's not letting me sign up. Let me see if I don't think I have another email address. I do, obviously, I have another email address I can sent. What if I say for some reason it's picking that up as a Google business email? So stupid. That's their loss, though, right? I'm say I'm. Freaking, um, this is for me.

1:04:03 - Unidentified Speaker
These are for me.

1:04:10 - Justin Bellware
Oh, freaking, um, I can't get your guys. These are perfect right here. This is what we want to send right here. This is what we want to send. By the way, Xander, every newsletter I send you, please make it a habit to first thing you do is go sign up for the newsletter, hit like subscribe to it so you can start seeing them and having them come to you. Right? Because, like, this is like the dream right here. The only thing I don't like about his is that he formats to the left. I like the middle formatting better. But that's it. Like, you look at it, like, you can Read this, right? You know, Maxing, I'm going to remember next time I see that, even if I don't even Read this newsletter, just because it was bolded. And then got this, like, this right here converts. I click on his shit all the time. I've bought his programs, and I don't even remember where I came, where I found him. For all I know, he sent me a cold, a cold newsletter, a cold email. We've been doing it for years, man. It works. But you got to be legit with it. If you're a spammer sending spam emails, then um if you're a spammer sending spam emails, then um you know, you're going to get marked a spam, you know. But if you're sending legit stuff, then people are going to say, This is good. Look at our emails, right? Oh, shh. Oh, no, he said. But look at our emails, right? We've gotten one, I think what, four or five, maybe total complaints/slash, and like only a handful of unsubscribes, right? Because it's decent stuff. Like, it's nothing earth-shaking, it's not going to change the world. But you're 94-306. Right? It's not change the world or earth shaking, but it's good content that people find valuable. So, because of that, they don't unsubscribe. Even if they don't click, they don't unsubscribe. Make sense?

1:07:15 - Unidentified Speaker
That's a good start, right?

1:07:17 - Justin Bellware
It's a very good start, right? Very good start. Right, that's that's what we want to maintain. It's not even a start, that's what That's what we want to maintain, you know what I'm saying? That's what we need to maintain. So, I'll set up AWS. It takes us a little bit here to do it, and then what happens with SES is they'll uh they'll say, Okay, cool, you're approved, and you'll only be able to send like, 50, like 500, a thousand a day or 500 a day for about like a couple weeks or a month, uh, maybe a couple days or a couple weeks to see, make sure you don't get any, make sure you're to check your reputation. So, we got to be very careful with that. That's why it's a pain in the butt, but you're right, we'll just go ahead and do it. Worst case, I can just make another account under a different email, you know. So, excuse me, yeah. Um, so I'll do that too as well. Because they're really good, and that's high volume, it's also cost-effective, too. Um, Charles, man, I can't, but he's so slow to pay.

1:08:38 - Xander
Did you meet with him earlier?

1:08:40 - Justin Bellware
So, yeah, he's still slow to pay. I don't think he wants to, I think he's always trying to test too as well. So, yeah. Another one joined his too. This is pretty good stuff. If we send something like this, even though it's a direct to sale and it has a bunch of, you see how he's got the different letters though, and they're blue, to match his stuff. Something like this we could send and get away with. Now we'll get more complaints and spam, so we'll do that more so on like a SMTP.com versus Amazon SES. Right? But we can send that out all day and generate leads.

1:09:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:09:48 - Justin Bellware
So you have card for resend, you have card for bird for bird. What's that? 30 and 20 or 30 and 30?

1:10:01 - Xander
What's that?

1:10:02 - Justin Bellware
Cost $30 for bird. I don't know how much is it for bird.

1:10:08 - Xander
For bird, we can do a $15 per month plan. That's $50,000 emails per month. But there's also an option to. Raise that to $100,000 for their startup plan, which is $30 per month. For resend, $20 per month for 50,000 emails. But if you want to bump that to 100,000 emails, it's going to be $90 already. So we can only, I think we can only do the $20 plan for resend.

1:10:36 - Justin Bellware
I mean, just do it for right now, right? We can do whatever we That's going to make money, right? So do $30 for a resend. $15 for bird. Let's make sure both those are being utilized, right? And we'll probably do a dedicated IP on, I think we'll have to choose probably Amazon SES. And on, I like Reset. I really want to give Reset a try. Let's see how it goes. They're more expensive, right? They're double the price, basically, right?

1:11:07 - Xander
Yeah, yeah. But because they don't have an option to like, use the same plan and just increase the number of emails. When you want to increase your emails to 100,000, you're gonna have to bump up to the next plan. Wherein in Bird, there's an option to just increase the number of emails sent in plan, the startup plan.

1:11:28 - Justin Bellware
Let's make Bird our number one, our number one, right? Because Bird is. The email provider, they deliver what is it? What is we say it was 40% of the whole world's email, right? Let's make BERT our number one. Amazon SES will be probably our number two, but for right now, we're using resend, right? And then, um, yeah, but for right now, um, resend's number two, right? Because we already have it up and going, we know it can deliver. I like their programmatic approach. There's nobody more programmatic than Amazon, though, right? So once we get this cookie cracked, that'll probably be our three SMTPs. And then we'll have a fourth one. Like, I'm either going to do one like this: Elastic Email or. Oh crap, I didn't even need that. Forget mail relay. Like mail relay was another one I was looking at, but they're they're being stupid, so let them be stupid. SMTP.com, right? Like a dedicated IP.

1:13:26 - Xander
Justin, can you explain to me what's the difference between dedicated and shared IP? Just so I get the full context about it.

1:13:34 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

1:13:35 - Justin Bellware
Give me a sec. So, dedicated IP is your IP is your address, right? So if I'm delivering mail to your server, right, it's coming from my dedicated address. It's like 0.00.0.0.1122.566, right? Whatever my IP address is for that server, it's the same each time. If I use a shared IP, then it'd be a pool of maybe 100 IP servers, and any one of them could be what sends the mail next time. Because when you think about it, right? This is where you start getting into the fun stuff. And I'd encourage you to learn this stuff, just to have fun and learn it, but also to be an expert at what you do, right? So you got your DKIM, right? You know that. And then you have your SPF record. What's the third record? Right? D-M-A-R-C, right? And then you have your IP, right? I just put dedicated here, but you have your IP. Your DKIM is your signature that just says, hey, this I am who I am. Means I sent it. Says something along the lines of like, we're legit, right? Because this is like your DNS records and stuff. I think so on that one. And then your IP is the actual address it was sent from Right. So when you send your signature and stuff, is going to come from that address. So, if you have the same address each time in the same DKIM, you create a reputation, right? And so, Google and Outlook say, Oh, we know who this is, and we know they usually have good stuff. So, we're going to deliver your mail for you. Because when we send an email, we're not actually sending it to the person, we're sending it server, it's up to their server. If they deliver it and where they place it. Does that make sense?

1:15:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

1:15:46 - Xander
So, where does SMTP go into all of this?

1:15:55 - Justin Bellware
So, SMTP, SMTP stands for simple mail transfer protocol. So, everything is SMTP.

1:16:06 - Xander
Okay.

1:16:07 - Justin Bellware
This whole thing is a protocol. A protocol is another way of saying a syntax, a code, a language, right? So all this stuff is a part of the language of how you can simply transfer mail from one to another. SNTP.

1:16:25 - Xander
Got it.

1:16:28 - Justin Bellware
That's why your SMTP server requires you to do DKIM, SPF, and DMARC. So that way they can transfer your mail using the protocol that is established across the internet. Does that make sense?

1:16:45 - Xander
Yep. Good.

1:16:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

1:16:49 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks for sharing that. Thanks for explaining.

1:16:52 - Justin Bellware
For sure.

1:16:53 - Justin Bellware
I love this stuff, man. So I'll set up SES. I'll work on data. I'll work on data and their server side. If you can really nail the content side and start taking over the design of like the links and stuff, learn the tracking, get in the mindset of the editorial side of things, really get into that over-delivered book that I just spent $12 on for you, right? Go through it, listen to it, absorb the mindset of Brian Kurtz, right? And you know, really just get kind of get into it, man. Enjoy it, have fun, right? This is the big boy stuff, man. Biggest companies in the world, right? They do email marketing and affiliate marketing and stuff. That's what we're doing. Okay, yep. Um, last thing, it's about you, LinkedIn. Actually, I stole your show.

1:17:56 - Xander
So, for LinkedIn, I can show you. So, you have updated the LinkedIn profile. I think you saw that already. Put all four LinkedIn profiles in the AI and marketing agency campaign, and I updated the LinkedIn messaging. So, we can actually check that right now. So, I can just. Brave your message. So, this is based on the latest template first that you just sent me earlier.

1:18:42 - Justin Bellware
We got to copy real quick. Okay.

1:20:05 - Xander
Can you see my screen right now?

1:20:07 - Justin Bellware
I can. Give me two minutes.

1:20:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:21:10 - Justin Bellware
Um I did. That's very good, Duke. That's very good. All right, let's go. Let you this too, Xander. This ConnectMed deal, man, has really kind of irritated me because the guy that we're working with, to be honest, he doesn't really bring much to the table as much as I thought he did, except for capital to invest. But he's also, he's kind of tight-fisted, right? Like, he's not like, cool, here's the money, let's go invest it. You know, he's kind of tight-fisted and stuff, right? And it takes a lot, he moves fast and he moves slow, moves fast and he moves slow. So I almost kind of wonder about, I almost kind of wonder about what's it called, what's it called? I always kind of wonder about, I'm like, we could just do it ourselves. Especially some of these, some of these back-end providers are like two 300 bucks a month. But I just, is that another business? Can we really manage that? Like, I feel like you're kind of already kind of bandwidth with email, right? Like, we wouldn't have to do much because I'm already doing the lead generation and sales for Connect Med, right? I'm already planning to do that. And if the back end is being helped, taken care of by them. It's more so like the moment's like we could have the site there, not push it too much, and just use it as the same for the same purpose, use it as like the lead magnet, right? Like the carrot dangle, right? As a reason to reach out, right? At the end of the day, like as it grows, it grows, and that's great. Great, but use it as the carrot dangle to reach out because we would be handling the majority of it, anyways. I just was counting on that capital, right? Just to kind of have to buy a bunch of email accounts and everything else, you but I don't even know if we necessarily need to. I don't know. I'm thinking out loud, right? Thinking out loud. Go ahead. What you got? Got uh first I want to comment on connect med so is this because of the your last meeting with them no it's it's um it's like it's just little things like so number one when I first when I first we first brought because he brought the deal to us because he responded back to one of our emails that I sent out right and he's just like you know hey so you know we're new we're new I I want to bring you in as a partner right versus you know paying you as a vendor for Legion. Okay, cool, let me discuss it. I he had the back end and everything already set up. I thought it was a lot more work than what he actually had to do, right? So, I went through as I'm talking to him, I said, All right, let me go do my research and homework. And I went and talked to the other companies that are out there that offer the back end, and I'm like, dude, this is nothing. And then I even brought it to him and I ended up teaching him and telling him, right? Because he just doesn't know that much, but he's a pretty decent business guy and he's got some money from someplace, right? So he's had some success, right? And so I end up teaching him. And now I end up bringing him to the back end, right? Where he was going through a company called Ola Health and he got his legit script certification, right? Which is just a certification, right? I end up telling him I had to call it a leg up RX, Carpa Rx, or Carpa Health, and like those two. And I a couple others. He ended up going with leg up versus going with Ola. And then I'm teaching him about the regulations and stuff that's going on with the industry because I jump in, I ask questions, I learn a lot. So now he's going with leg up. But, like, it's the little things that raise red flags where I'm like, he wants to move fast, fast, fast. I get him the operating agreement, which is like, okay, that's the agreement for the business, right? This is my terms, right? Yesterday, he's like, I'll go through it tomorrow. If everything sounds good, we'll online sign. And because on Wednesday, it was, let's get it going for Friday so we can start launching on Monday. And when we talk, it's all good. And then he's like, Yeah, but then, like, yesterday he didn't get back to me. Today he got back to me. And he's like, Yep, all good. He wants to also focus on his other business, this Arizona meals business, but doesn't, there's nothing there, right? There's no revenue. It's, you know, meal prep, right? Type thing, $14 a meal. And he wants to focus there because he's got this guy, Mateo, who's his developer, who's been working with for two years that's running the business. He wants to make it money. And I'm just like, there's nothing here for me. Like, it's a waste of time. You know what I'm saying? But we can incorporate it into Connect Med. And he still wants to have these conversations about it and get it going. And I'm like, let's do a Connect Med first. And he's like, okay, yeah, yeah, for sure. I'm it and then I'll get it to my lawyer. So it'll be mid-next week. But yesterday and the day before, it was, let's get it, let's get it. You know, online sign. Those are the little red flags, right? And then when you talk to him, he thinks that he's. The shit like he thinks that he's like man I'm you know I'm a unique one of one person but then I'm I'm talking to you and I already know more than you and i've been in this industry for seven days right or 14 days you've been doing this for six months and spent all this money right like He spent money with Ola Health, didn't even know that, and built out this whole website for Connect Med, which is how I found him. Didn't realize that he paid for a website with Ola Health. He's like, if I don't know that, I wouldn't have built out my own website. And he's built it on Lovable, thinking that he's going to actually launch a telehealth business on a lovable website posted on Lovable. I'm like, no, like, what do you, these are multi-million dollar companies, talking about prescriptions and doctor's offices. And they're like, yeah, I got a $200 plan with Lovable. And we're going to, I'm like, you don't get it. But if you got the money to put into it, it just takes pressure off of me. Right. You know, and I'm like, all right, cool. And I don't mind splitting it with you if you can take care of some of this stuff, you know? But I don't know. Just see red flags. So then I'm like, all right, let me get a screen share real quick. I'll just show you. It's easy. It's not when I say the problem is with these businesses is that the devil's in the details. I'm sure you've heard that. That, right? The devil's in the details. And so, like, we could like, this is the site that I gave him. I talked to them first and told him about them. And he's like, okay, like, I'm like, if you're in this, went with Ola Health, why wouldn't you talk to these other people? This is new, they're newer, right? And so, he started this two years ago and then let it go because he, because he got, he did some bad investments and didn't, and had some bad partnerships, right? And so then he put it down. And was when I sent the email to him, that's when he was already starting to think, like, well, hey, let me get back into it, right? And so it's like, we can sign up with them. Now he said that they said that it's only you got to pay for the year up front. Whereas, like, when I talked to them on the demo, he's like, dude, it's like 200 to 500 bucks a month to start, right? Like, if I say get started, this says for the year, yeah. When I talked to him, uh, he said it was for the month, right? Let me go back because on the website it says for the month, right? And so, um, and we could pay for the year too, right? Who cares, right? It is what it is. I don't, I don't say have the money to spend, but if I it out of savings and invest in it, right? It'd be for a reason, right? But you have that, and then carpet health is the other one I looked at, right?

1:32:35 - Xander
Their website all looks kind of the same, yeah.

1:32:38 - Justin Bellware
They they do, they do, right? And there's another one I brought to his attention. He says these guys aren't doing it legit, right? Sorry. But I don't necessarily trust what he says, right? And I can book call it these guys. Matter of fact, I'm going to do that right now. I held off on it. But I just keep seeing these red flags, and I can't. Oh, look, Sorley's got back to us fast. That's good. I'll Read that in a second. Hold on. Oh, it's F S S Y Back in Infrastructure and Affiliate Tracking. Let's see. I'll book in with them and I got on my calendar for tomorrow, 11 a.m. Right. In the meantime, what was I showing you? What was I coming here for? I was showing you the different providers, right? So you got these different providers, and they're all kind of the same. Like he signed up with these people. So, and we don't. Need, like, he doesn't. I'm like, he doesn't really bring anything to the table. And he doesn't have any expertise. And he's like, with the capital, he's like super tight-fisted, right? Where he's like, you know, he's trying to get these people to give him his money back because he spent like two grand with them. I'm like, dude, you didn't do your research. You don't know what the fuck you're doing. Right. You know, like, you know, like, I mean, it sucks, right? But I mean, it's not like you spent like 20 grand or 50 or 100 grand, like it's business, right? Like you spent two grand over the course of two years or whatever it is, or I think it's even less than that. It's a lot of money, don't get me wrong, right? But I mean, it's not like you, you know, it's not like they fucking took your life savings, you know what I'm saying? And he, um, you know, he's just, I just got a feeling that he's gonna. Be real strict on the investment side. And that's the whole point of me partnering with him. Right. You know what That's the whole point. You know? And if I have to deal with the headaches of you not wanting to keep the budget funded, then it's like, well, I could just do it myself. Right.

1:36:59 - Xander
You have to be careful there.

1:37:22 - Justin Bellware
All right. It's on you.

1:37:42 - Xander
Okay, so going over LinkedIn. So I post all the previous campaigns for now. So, right now, as you can see here, I'll four profiles are added now in this current campaign, which is for AI agencies and marketing agencies. And so far, only one has been connected yet. So far, only one has accepted their connection request. And you can see the account limits here. So, actually, for the second account, it's only eighteen right now because. It's using smart auto increase, but for the main one, it's already 27. I think they're basing it as well on our profile score. So, as you can see here, I don't know if you saw this already. So, the main profile actually has very high score. So, it's top one in the industry, top one percent in the industry.

1:38:49 - Justin Bellware
What does that mean? Go back to a place. What were the top one percent? What?

1:38:56 - Xander
Score screenshot that.

1:38:59 - Justin Bellware
That's the type of stuff you want to screenshot and put on a LinkedIn post. So I noticed your LinkedIn posts, they're good quality and people are interacting with them. The stuff we want to actually put out there is screenshots of this. We want to put out screenshots of our Slack channel, right? Hey, look, how many emails did we send? Right? Your EOD report. Screenshot that and put that out there. Screenshot, you know what I'm saying? The responses from Single Brain and Super Browser-that's the actual stuff that gets people to say, Hey, what are you doing? Hey, how can I work with you? I don't want the regular content images that you got anymore. Let's cut that out and cut out like the posts that you're putting, they're good quality content, but it's not going to get people to actually opt in. So keep putting out the content you're putting out. The images, though, and the storyline of the post should be like about an everyday thing. Like we don't talk about it, about it. This is what we do every day. Boom, screenshot. Look at this. This is my agent. It went ahead and did my cold email for me. Screenshot, we're top 1% SSI score on LinkedIn, right? Screenshot, boom. What I'm saying? Like, that's the type of stuff I really wanted to see out there. The canned images that you that we do, which are high quality, don't get me wrong, they're good images, it doesn't move people because they see it so much. You know what I'm saying? Everybody's doing it, everybody's got the cool graphics, nobody cares, you know?

1:40:33 - Xander
Yeah, and the AI stuff thing now.

1:40:36 - Justin Bellware
it's much more safer to be more you know realistic and uh yeah let's just close screenshots that's what people want man all right so that's good uh auto increase good daily limits good ssi good um it's automatically removing the um connection request after a certain amount of period of time right Yes, so it's gonna be automatically removed after 21 days. Can you make that 14? Are you able to change that?

1:41:13 - Xander
Yes, yes, I can.

1:41:15 - Justin Bellware
Make that 14. Okay. You don't want your burger? No? I do. 14 days. Can you make it to where if we withdraw the invite, they go back into the campaign?

1:41:50 - Xander
Oh, I don't think so. Yeah. That's separate. I don't think they have that feature yet. Because once they run the profile, they're gonna go to the leads process.

1:42:06 - Justin Bellware
Can we filter out leads process who accepted who didn't?

1:42:13 - Xander
Yes, yes. So connection status here. Request sent but not connected. Yep, not connected.

1:42:24 - Justin Bellware
So let's just filter that out then. So do it 14 days, and then we can always, at the end of the campaign, take the ones that were not process, not connected and run them through again.

1:42:35 - Xander
Okay. Okay, so for the messaging.

1:42:58 - Justin Bellware
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He just messaged me. What? Let me just send it to real quick.

1:43:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

1:44:37 - Justin Bellware
All right, sorry, go ahead.

1:44:40 - Xander
There's no further messaging. So I just tried to regenerate a preview message. So here's how it looks right now.

1:44:50 - Justin Bellware
It's basically off of the are you able to split tests, A-B tests?

1:44:58 - Xander
Oh, not yet. I may have to put them on separate campaigns if I have to do that, though.

1:45:04 - Justin Bellware
There's no one option. I can't imagine why. That doesn't make sense. Let me see.

1:45:09 - Xander
Because once they're all in the same campaign, for example, here, you can only set instructions for all of the profiles. So I have to set up another campaign with similar just basically duplicate this campaign and just set the instructions we're in. If the leads are in, you know, I'll just upload the same lead list and just set an instruction wherein if the lead is already processed in another campaign, then it will not process it on that campaign. Okay. Okay, it's just generating. It's kind of clearly good, in my opinion.

1:46:21 - Justin Bellware
Dude, that's fire. Like, that should get plenty of people who respond at least. And they're gonna, half of them are gonna be skeptical and be like, what the fuck are you selling, dude, or what's going on or whatever. But that's okay, right? If we can just start having some conversations and booking in some people, men, that's it. I'm going to hop on with them. They're going to, of course, want me to sell their offer on commission. Dude, of course, dude. I'm going to accept, I'm going to get you into our offer bank, right? As I start, as I talk to other companies, what I do is I'm going to have them promote your business to their client list and stuff, right? And I'm kind of like a matchmaker, I make it make sense. In the meantime, right, dude, with your list, home services, dude, here's the offers that are going to be best for you, right? Just looking at it right out the gate, here's how much you can make off of them. Or, and also, man, like, dude, let me let me promote, like, promote me to your list, dude. Let me make you some money off my offer, you know? So, we'll get some clients, we'll promote other people, and everything we, every time we promote somebody else, we make money. So, we always make money no matter what. You know what I'm saying? Every call, it's either be like a no, Justin, I don't like you. And that's okay, right? Like, you have to literally say, I don't like you, right? Because I'm like, hey, look, let me promote you. And let me also, you know what I'm saying, promote some stuff list. Let me do some email marketing for you. And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to start setting it up to where if I do an email campaign for them, the other thing I can say is, dude, let me do your email marketing. And we'll just charge like 300 bucks a month. And have them sign up for like the stuff, right? And we got agents that run it, right? Because you're building everything we're doing into agentic, right? Into single brain. You know, we'll have our own dedicated email, as a matter of fact, right? Agent, I want to probably start building that in the next week or two, right? And then at that point, like, we'll just start getting all these different clients for like email, right? And we'll just have like a super low ticket, easy offer. Like, dude, let me do your email marketing. I might even incorporate that into my offers to start with. Like, hey, look, let's start. We can start with a small offer, like email marketing. Like, I charge 300, you charge whatever you want on top of it. Right. And we just, you know, saying, like, it's, but let me do it. Let me do a campaign. Let me do an email. You know, that's it. That's the mindset. This is perfect, dude. That's perfect. I wouldn't even, I wouldn't even split test it, right? Because actually, yeah, we do want to split test it. Because the podcast route will resonate with some people. Let's do that with a different target, though. Let's do that with branding agencies. So let's do the podcast one with branding agencies.

1:49:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay. And just two new accounts for that?

1:49:19 - Justin Bellware
I would do one. Well, let me see. Soft, because we have software as a service, home services, affiliate marketing. I'd probably say with branding agencies, we can pick one. Let's pick the right one, though. I think it's Joanna, is the one that has the right banner. Let's look at her. Let's look at her profile. Don't put it. Let's look at it first and see.

1:50:08 - Xander
The saved. Oh, yeah.

1:50:13 - Justin Bellware
No, they're all a little bit different.

1:50:15 - Xander
I moved it a little bit.

1:50:17 - Justin Bellware
Yeah. Yeah, that's good. For the rest of us.

1:50:26 - Xander
Actually, it has a lot of followers, and this is a good account, right?

1:50:32 - Justin Bellware
So, what do you think? We should. It says a SAS company, though. You see how it says it right there in the SAS founder.

1:50:51 - Unidentified Speaker
Maybe you can check the other contents.

1:51:01 - Justin Bellware
They're more solar. Yeah, it's more local. It's not necessarily solar, but it's more local. Local. So that's a good one for like the one you had in the preview where they work with AI for local home services. They're the perfect one for that one. But I don't think it matters too much, to be honest, right? Like, yeah, good job, kiddo. Good job. I want to do the podcast intro. As a test with, I feel like if I do with one, though, like for instance, if it's one of the newer ones, it's only 10, right? A day. So 70 a week. So I don't know how true of a test it would be.

1:52:06 - Xander
Maybe on the second account on Gabel.

1:52:12 - Justin Bellware
Let's take a look at it. I think it's the old, it's the old. So, I've got to change it actually. The banner can probably stay the same, though. Yeah, that's the same thing. All right. Let me. Yeah, you're right. Backup profile, J Bell. Good call. Let's do that. Let's do that. I'll change it right now, actually, too. I give that to you in Slack. Yeah. Okay, cool. Yeah, let's go through those in a second, too. I want to get super aggressive with those, though. Like, I'd love to be doing about 200,000 cents, 50,000 for each newsletter per week. That's only 10,000 a day. We have three or four different newsletters, right? Like, I'd love to be able to do that. I'd like for you to spend my email marketing money. Okay, Xander for email marketing. I'd like for you to be spending more email marketing money. Memoring only. All right, I just changed it. All right, it's changed.

1:56:46 - Xander
Okay, got it.

1:56:50 - Justin Bellware
It looks a lot better, too. I kind of want to buy more LinkedIn accounts. It's so much cheaper than email advertising and paid ads, that's for sure. We just got to get it converting a little bit better.

1:57:16 - Xander
So, again, this new campaign for the podcast template intro will target branding agencies, right?

1:57:24 - Justin Bellware
Okay, got it.

1:57:27 - Xander
As for the newsletter, This is more of a before the referral channel is more of the editorial, right? So the main street, I don't have the logo yet, but it's more of a direct rather than editorial, like what we have discussed in the daily huddle earlier.

1:57:54 - Justin Bellware
Now, the challenge, and it's a fun challenge. Is to have a new message. And you don't have to send every day with this. You can send three times a week. I'd like to send every day, but is to have enough message and content to have something new every day that's still valuable. All right. Like where you have the one real play still, this power partner pact. That's good, man. That's really good language, at least. I haven't Read it. I like the affiliate expert and Amber Spears link to her stuff. That's how you create credibility, right? Link to her stuff, send traffic to her, right? Um, things like that, those are all good things, and we can also show her to as well. I do, I mentioned in my newsletter all the time, you know. I wouldn't say you can show her too. Yeah, show her an image. That's actually good. I wouldn't, I didn't mean that. And I said that's stuff we could show to her, right? Like if I talk to her again, right? And be like, hey, look, by the way, I miss you all the time in my newsletter, right? How it scales, how far this goes. See, this is a like Sendevo, like that direct email, but this looks a lot better than their shit, I think, in my opinion, right?

1:59:15 - Unidentified Speaker
This one?

1:59:16 - Justin Bellware
Yeah. Now, there's a super clean, though. So I would even see, this is where you get crazy with it. And when I say crazy, Xander, I don't mean like crazy, like people say, oh, you crazy, bro. No, or, oh, man, you so crazy. No, I mean psychotic, like psych, like, I mean, like, the Joker from Batman crazy. Because we can also do our own version Sendiva one, where it's super plain and simple. Kind of like a

1:59:40 - Xander
It's like faith dads versus affiliate stuff.

1:59:44 - Justin Bellware
Paid ads versus affiliate. And do it, do an exact copy of that email and send it out to the exact same list. And maybe you send it out at two o'clock, whereas you send our the main one you just showed me at 10 o'clock, or maybe at five, six o'clock, right? And we just, because we're testing to see if I send 10,000 emails, right? If I send it to my list of 20,000 at with this email. And the same list 20,000 with this email, which one converts better? You see what I'm saying?

2:00:13 - Xander
Yep.

2:00:15 - Justin Bellware
That's when we're having fun, Xander. Right, right. This email got us 200 clicks. This email got us 600 clicks. Cool. Now we're just trying to figure out do with those clicks. And now that's also what put that on social media, put that on LinkedIn. Email yesterday got 200 clicks. Converted at 10%. Got this many book calls for a client. That may be us. It may be a different client. That's how we get other clients coming to us saying, Hey, how do you do this? How can I do it? You see what I'm saying? That's what we put on social media. Your EODs and the stuff that you're doing, that's what I want to do.

2:00:52 - Xander
Should be numbers.

2:00:54 - Justin Bellware
Shoot the screenshots, shoot the numbers, talk about what you do.

2:00:58 - Xander
You're actually, we featured Amber Spears here, but it's not much.

2:01:03 - Justin Bellware
No, that's cool. That's good.

2:01:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

2:01:05 - Justin Bellware
And this is where you screenshot and you say that, right? Like, this is when this is where I need to be more hands-on with this stuff, right? Because I love it and I'm good at it. Because I would say, hey, look, when I see that, first thing I do, screenshot that, put that on a post. Be like, shout out to Amber Spears, tag her, right? Mention her in the newsletter. Or another thing I'll do is I'll just put it out there and just say, mention people who have. Who are experts in your newsletter versus always trying to talk about yourself. And that's how you become the expert. Little things like that, right? That's a post though, right? On LinkedIn. Screenshot it. This is what we did yesterday, right? And you can PS shout out to Amber, right? She's an affiliate beast. If you want to do some high-level stuff, I would say, join her mastermind or something like that, right? And so then now she will comment and you also can leverage her traffic on LinkedIn. At the end of the day, this is Xander traffic and conversions. Traffic is eyeballs. How can I get some people, how may I get more eyeballs on my stuff? And then how can I get them to take the action once they see it? You know, traffic and conversions is where your mind is at. How can I get more traffic to our offers? And how can I get more people converting? When I get those eyeballs. Okay, yep, that's why I say have fun with this. It's all about having it's literally a game where you're like, I'm gonna send, I'm gonna create a version of this email like this and a version like that. I'm gonna send it to the same list. I'm gonna do one at two o'clock and one at six. And then tomorrow, I'm gonna do the same email, but at switch it around, do the other one that did one day at six, do it at two. And then when I did it at two, do it one at six, right? And see what the difference is. And you'd be surprised. The same email at two o'clock might get 100 opens and, you 50 link clicks. And then at six, it got 600 opens and 300 link clicks. Four-hour difference, you know?

2:03:13 - Xander
Yeah, that's really fun to experiment as well. So I think I'll enjoy that.

2:03:20 - Justin Bellware
Have fun, man.

2:03:21 - Xander
And if we burn another thing, I want to ask you this: Should I put our links here at the bottom, like the LinkedIn, YouTube, or school group, or just it's totally unnecessary and it might just raise suspicions?

2:03:39 - Justin Bellware
Why would it raise suspicions?

2:03:41 - Xander
Like, if we're gonna add it to like each and every newsletter that you were sending out on different sources?

2:03:50 - Justin Bellware
That's a good question. I don't know. That's a good question to ask, like, jam out with Claude on that, right? And then remember, Claude is super conservative, so is ChatGPT. So I would ask Claude and I would ask source model, right? Like DeepSeek, right? And kind of get a feel for it. Maybe even go to Google and find out about from Google too. The other thing, too, is that you have at the bottom AI integrators. Whereas it should be the brand, right? If it's mainstream affiliates, it's mainstream affiliates, right? If it's the referral source, it's the referral source, right? So keep all that the same. That congruency does make a difference. I think the LinkedIn, YouTube, and school group, I think that those, while it's a good idea that I'd say, hey, it's a great idea because it's more just more traffic, each link that you put. Diverts traffic away from the offers, right? You know, you're splitting traffic between it. So I would say take them out. I would also say, you're right, it does, it could create a footprint, especially because that's my personal LinkedIn, right? It also could, saying, trigger some spam filters, even though it's in the footer, right? So I would take out the social links and then only put them in when it's necessary, right? Now you could put in the, you could put in the signature, connect with me on LinkedIn, and put the actual link to LinkedIn. That would probably look a little better. But then again, that's a very good question about the footprint. If 100,000 emails going out LinkedIn link in it or any LinkedIn link, that definitely creates a footprint for sure. Right. So maybe on certain issues, you can do that, right? Or certain. Times, and we can try and test it. But again, good thinking, and also that's the whole yes, everything's yes and no, right? We want to split test everything, test it, you know.

2:05:49 - Xander
And you mentioned that we will have like the editorial one, then the more direct one, and we will have one more version, I think. So, three sources of newsletter.

2:06:00 - Justin Bellware
So if Main Street is the one that promotes us directly, right? It's just about affiliate programs, right? I'm saying if, right? I'm just talking hypotheticals. If that's the case, the referral channel one is the one that's editorial, then the third one that we'd put out there would be editorial direct offer promote. The third one would be. A second brand, a second brand that's a different angle. So, if this one is the affiliate, then the other one is Jay is the Jay Abraham joint venture corner type thing. Don't mention him by name, or we get sued, but like at least in the name of it, you can mention him in the email, but just not in the name, right? We can't call it the J. Abraham newsletter because he has his own, right? You know, so but you know, you can say it the um. The pre the presence, preeminence, the preeminence newsletter comes with a new name. It's called the preeminence. That's his strategy, right? So the preeminence newsletter. And that way, that one's more JV Power Partner focused. The referral channel is all of it editorial-wise. And Main Street Affiliates is like the affiliate program version of it. Because some people are going to say JV, power partner, that makes sense. Some people, you say affiliate, they're What do you mean affiliate? Right. So, you know, you're going to hit the same list with all three newsletters, and you're going to see which ones they respond to, and we'll eventually cut one out, probably, right? Or, you know what I'm saying? Do something different with it. We'll change it up, right? So everybody gets all three of these newsletters, not every day.

2:08:05 - Xander
Not every day.

2:08:09 - Justin Bellware
But at least two a day. At least two a day. And at least.

2:08:35 - Xander
If we're sending it twice a day, that's going be 40,000 if we're sending to all our current lead lists.

2:08:50 - Justin Bellware
Let me see the editorial one, the referral channel. I say keep it two right now. Let's make the third one. Go ahead and make it about JV, power partners, J Abraham style, right? But to be honest, you can incorporate that into the referral channel, right? And I think that that's a good start. We don't want to get too crazy to begin with until we're ready to really be that crazy with it, to be honest. To ease into it. And I don't want to do too much just to do it. I'm saying? While it's a good idea, it's what we want to do. We don't have to do it today, tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? So that's good. And because we still want to be sending the niche-specific ones. So if a niche-specific newsletter they're getting, they're getting two as well the two different brands, that's still three. That's already three a day they're getting. And I want to send every day, right? I'd want to, you know?

2:09:52 - Xander
just a question because if we're planning to send that much, that's 60,000 a day, 60,000 a day, 300,000 a week, uh, 1.2 million. We only have 100,000.

2:10:05 - Justin Bellware
We'll figure it out. I told you, I I wanted you to do what? I wanted you to spend my email marketing money, right?

2:10:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:10:10 - Justin Bellware
So now, look, though, you notice that though, we only got 20,000 leads, 20,000, right? That's 1.2 million emails per month. Isn't that crazy?

2:10:23 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:10:24 - Justin Bellware
And so earlier today, when I said that, I want to send 100,000 a week, I want to send a million a month. You thought, like, Justin, that's crazy. That doesn't make any sense. Like, that blows your mind. I saw your face. You're like, a million emails. But then when you do the math and break it down, that's just three newsletters to a 20,000 list. You see what I'm saying?

2:10:46 - Xander
Yep. Right? So then now we're sending much more.

2:10:53 - Justin Bellware
We're going sending a lot more. We're probably sending, oh man. If we're only sending 10 million emails a month, that means we only have maybe like 20 clients or 20 campaigns we're doing. Because we're going to be sending a million for our own campaigns off a 20,000 list. I want to get that list, those lists up to about 5 10,000 each, right? And so we'll probably cut back some of the lists too as well, right? But I want to get it to where we have a 50,000 person, at least 50,000 email list we're sending to, at least. If we have 100,000 email lists, we're sending three emails a day, which we may also cut down to two, right? That'd still be 100 to 300,000, 200, 300,000 emails a day times five, one point is 1.5, that's 6 million emails a month right there, just by itself, right? Now, obviously, we got to make that convert because that's going to cost us four or five hundred bucks, right? You know what I'm saying? But that's also why you see all this biologist trying to make. Get the, I'm trying to get our own server up too, because we can send one newsletter straight volume through one of those, like a mail relay or our own server, right? And you know, it's the deliverability is going to be kind of sketchy, but it's okay, right? If we're sending out a hundred thousand a day, right, and you know, 50,000 of them hit the inbox, and one 0.01 percent. Respond or open, that's still 50 to 100 leads a day. What I'm saying? Like, it still makes sense, right? Especially if it only costs us $50 a month for that server or even $100 a month for that server and for that setup. If I can spend $100 a month and I can send 100,000 emails a day and generate 50 warm leads, that turns into five booked appointments, that turns into three clients a month, right? That's what, you know, $10,000 a month for $100 and spend. I would do that every single day of the week. I'll do that six times a week. I would do that three times a day. You know what I'm saying? Like, you see what I'm saying? Yep.

2:13:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

2:13:08 - Justin Bellware
No, go ahead. If make the purchase while you got me on the phone, go ahead. Let's do it. Just in case, I don't know how much money is in that account, to be honest. So it should go through. If not, I can transfer it over.

2:13:17 - Xander
Oh, what?

2:13:18 - Xander
Make the purchase now.

2:13:19 - Justin Bellware
If you want to, we're already here, might as well.

2:13:24 - Xander
So, if we're sending that much, shouldn't I just use the $13 per month plan for a bird?

2:13:31 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, yeah, if you want. We still got to ease into it, right? Oh, we're gonna have 20,000.

2:13:55 - Xander
Am I still on the call? Can you still hear me?

2:13:57 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

2:14:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:14:01 - Xander
Wait. Oh, yeah, we can see you now. You can see my screen, right?

2:14:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

2:14:10 - Xander
So they ask for this. So I will just put the same address. Oh wait, so those are optional. Do you want me to put them? This is optional as well. Okay. Should I put something here?

2:15:34 - Justin Bellware
You just gotta check the box.

2:15:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:16:07 - Justin Bellware
That's also why the newsletter, actual newsletter platforms, they charge per contact, not per send.

2:16:19 - Xander
Yeah, like the MailKit and other platforms.

2:16:26 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, exactly.

2:16:31 - Xander
Connecting from Oh, yeah, it's active now.

2:16:42 - Justin Bellware
That's active.

2:16:43 - Justin Bellware
Now, hold on. Let me check on the thing. Nah, that's expensive, man. Yeah, I'll get ML SES up and then I will.

2:17:17 - Xander
As for reason, there's actually an option for transactional or marketing emails.

2:17:22 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, that's what I was saying. So, how much is it per contact? What is it? So, for 10,000 contacts, it's how much $80 per month. Unlimited broadcast sending. With 10,000 automation runs. I just don't know what that means. You got unlimited domains too.

2:17:47 - Xander
So as long as you're sending to 10,000, you can send as much as many emails you want.

2:17:53 - Justin Bellware
Yeah. And it says dedicated to.

2:17:57 - Xander
Okay. It's so expensive now if you're going to 25K.

2:18:04 - Justin Bellware
Well, actually, it's cheaper, right? So I don't want to spend 200 a month, but if I have 25,000 contacts, so we take our list right now, it's 180 bucks a month, and send them two, three, four emails a day. Right? It's unlimited broadcast. It just says broadcast. It just says broadcasting. It just says unlimited broadcast, though. And that's what worries me because it says 10,000 automation runs, which makes me think, I don't know what that means. That's why I'm scared to invest that. I would say, because in transactional emails, the problem is with transactional emails, you have a lower threshold for bounce rate because you can send 50,000 emails a month for $20 a month. But that's like your. Here's your account login type of thing. That's what transactional emails are. Here's your account login. Here's your, hey, your, you know, here's your password reset, right? That's a transactional email. Whereas what we're sending is more of a marketing email, right? We send transactional, I don't know how well they check that, right? I don't know how well they determine that. The other thing, too, is that that's 20 bucks a month, no daily limit.

2:19:51 - Xander
No dedicated IP.

2:19:53 - Justin Bellware
I would want to see what an automation run, though. Yeah, we don't want to day, We're not ready for a dedicated IP until we have a consistent, steady amount of emails that we are going out every single day, right? That's why you have a dedicated IP. And I would want to see what is an automation run, though, because on both plans they have 10,000 automation runs. What is an automation run? Can we define that, please?

2:20:17 - Xander
Are you asking me?

2:20:19 - Justin Bellware
Or I'm talking to myself.

2:20:23 - Xander
Go do it. It might be better to just go do it real quick.

2:20:27 - Justin Bellware
Go do yourself. Just do it right there on the left-hand side. Automation. What is that? That? Great automation.

2:20:32 - Xander
I'm thinking this is like, yeah, and I then stuff.

2:20:35 - Justin Bellware
Let's see, it's not, it's not, it's, it's, it's automations within the um how can I do this? So it's tell as so it's this is this asking you. So if you say um the trigger is be something that um where it's like uh every day at six at 10 a.m. Let's send an email. Let's send a broadcast, right? And hit send. Let's see what it says. So that's a daily broadcast. If you click on daily broadcast, it probably has 10 a.m.

2:21:29 - Xander
Well, I can't actually click it. I have to accept first. Oh, okay.

2:21:38 - Justin Bellware
Thank you, but trigger hit create new and just pick just put something blank or pick one random one or something like that, depending on what they have. Just put test tests. Yeah, exactly. You got it. Test tests. Hit publish. Do I put no just hit publish?

2:22:06 - Xander
Two warnings. From address.

2:22:10 - Justin Bellware
Just hit publish. So that's an automation run. Go back or go back to automation. Yeah, click on it.

2:22:25 - Xander
What did they not save it or hit enable? Fix the issues. Why is it not showing though?

2:22:52 - Justin Bellware
It's a little buggy, but it says 10,000 automation runs. That sounds like that's like that. That would automation run, is what it looks like, But it also could be each time a contact enters that automation is run versus it being, because we don't know if we can send it to a list, right? Because this is emails broadcasts. Go to broadcasts for me, please. Can you schedule a broadcast? That's the question that we're really looking for. Because then do it through API and say schedule a broadcast for this, schedule a broadcast for that. But we're actually, we actually, now that I think about it, we're using list monk.

2:23:40 - Xander
And we're using single brain to send, so we can probably schedule, of course. Great Akron.

2:23:55 - Justin Bellware
It's a developer-first email. So, listen, we're actually using this wrong too. You should be doing this from plaid code, not from the dashboard. It's a developer-first platform. You know, everything's code-based, too. Go to audience? Yep.

2:24:25 - Xander
But the thing is, when we're using do we do we want to use this or do we want just to use the SMTV in list mode?

2:24:38 - Justin Bellware
Go to broadcast, let's see. To use the SMTP, in ListMonk, to be honest, but because ListMonk, you have good, you already have it, you can make it look good. The emails go out, right? Like, and that's open source. So we can use any SMTP because we'll create a sales page for this where they can sign up and pay for it, and then it'll automatically create a user. If you can work on that too as well, Todd Brown style. Sales page for ListMonk. We're going to call it something that has to do with referrals. So, Todd Brown style sales page for ListMonk. Call it something that has to do with referrals. Make it medium form content so it's not short, not long. And we'll just say it's. Because Amazon SES is, we can hook up Amazon SES to it, right? Even with Bird, it's $30 for 100,000 emails or for $100,000 or $50,000?

2:26:03 - Xander
$100,000. $30 for $100,000.

2:26:08 - Justin Bellware
And that was easy to sign up, right? So we could do that for clients, right? So even if it's $30,000 for $100,000. Like, I'm just thinking about pricing, right? Client can sign up, and we can say, if you're a client, enter promo code here because it's free. No, we want to charge them. We'll just call it 50 bucks a month unlimited. And we'll just figure that out. Because that's easy money. I want clients to keep shit afterwards, you know what I'm saying?

2:26:56 - Xander
So, so going back to recent, do I upgrade to a plan?

2:27:03 - Justin Bellware
I would just do the transactional $20.

2:27:08 - Xander
Let's try it out first.

2:27:10 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, let's try it out. Let's do 20 bucks. He had good deliverability on the test. It's because the other plan goes by contacts, yeah.

2:27:25 - Xander
You know, so when we do contacts, we cannot do like you know, change the contacts each and every time we send, right? It's not possible.

2:27:33 - Justin Bellware
I don't know, I don't know, to be honest. I really honestly, before you do resend. Go back to AutoSend. I know we got away from it. Well, actually, no, AutoSend is its own platform too. It's not an SMTP. Resend, we like it because it's an SMTP. AutoSend, we're sending from here.

2:27:56 - Xander
But it has an SMTP too, if we like, I think.

2:27:59 - Unidentified Speaker
What's the price?

2:28:05 - Xander
Pricing, pricing, pricing. So for 50k, it's going to be $30.

2:28:26 - Justin Bellware
Whereas with recent is how much? 20?

2:28:30 - Xander
Yeah, it's 20. I'm not sure how does this work though, the marketing transaction?

2:28:38 - Justin Bellware
We see how it says unlimited contacts per thousand emails.

2:28:43 - Unidentified Speaker
Oh, okay.

2:28:43 - Justin Bellware
So it's like, whereas the transactional is just the SMTP.

2:28:59 - Xander
So, bird is actually so cheap, just you know, comparing it to this.

2:29:03 - Justin Bellware
Because they're the biggest, man. Open up, um, open up Mailgun. And you to understand too. See how Cinch Mailgun MailJet too as well. I think the Bird also owns them too. You don't have to log in, do you? You already have a login?

2:29:41 - Xander
No, I'm just creating an account right now.

2:29:43 - Justin Bellware
Oh, fair enough.

2:29:44 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, why not?

2:29:49 - Xander
What is this? Your bird warrants.

2:29:55 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:30:00 - Xander
Email. I didn't actually receive an email. I see. So I just need to check the billing.

2:30:13 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, go. I mean, if you try to sign up, I mean, it shouldn't go. It definitely shouldn't go to spam. Theirs is really good. Mailgun has really good deliverability. Check your email again, please. It's bug me for some reason. That's weird. See the 35. That's no dedicated IP. So if you increase it to 500,000 emails per month, how much is the So it only updates one player. Yeah, MailJet's the same way. Open up a new tab. Let's see what else comes up. I keep doing this over and over because I just try to figure out what's the, what, what's the, you know, just type in SMTP for newsletter.

2:31:49 - Xander
This is Mailgun sponsor Metersen. Have you tried this?

2:31:54 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, they're cheap too. You can pull them up. Turbo SMTP is cheap too. I'm trying to find the one that's going to have deliverability though. Pricing.

2:32:13 - Xander
$31 for $50,000.

2:32:17 - Justin Bellware
That's paying per year.

2:32:21 - Xander
That's a year. Oh, yeah. Yeah. For a month, it's certified.

2:32:29 - Justin Bellware
For both end, their deliverability is not great, but you can see what they say.

2:32:38 - Xander
Kind of expensive.

2:32:40 - Justin Bellware
Put them at 500. Let's see what's what basic comes out to. Oh, yeah, oh, that's cheap, though. That's 300 versus everybody else is 400.

2:32:53 - Xander
Oh, yeah, but for 15,000 emails, they're expensive, right? $80. But when you bump it up to 500K, they become cheap.

2:33:03 - Justin Bellware
What is it at? 1.5?

2:33:07 - Unidentified Speaker
1.5M?

2:33:10 - Justin Bellware
Just 700.

2:33:13 - Justin Bellware
Just 700? Yeah, 700 bucks. I ain't nothing. You know.

2:33:19 - Xander
I'm you be my investor then.

2:33:22 - Justin Bellware
You be the investor. I'll pay you back when I close the sale, okay? Hit the Google SMTP. Two tabs over. Let's go back to Google.

2:33:43 - Xander
Lucky people are discussing a narrative.

2:33:46 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, blah, blah, blah. That's blah blah blah. Yeah, go back to Google. Email tester, G-Lock, SMTP to go. They're cheap. Oh, that's right. Elastic email. Put in Elastic Email. Check out SMTP to go. Put in Elastic Email and then put in Send Fox. That's the one I was thinking of Go ahead. Go back to SMTP to go. I think that's the cheap one I was thinking about. Hit their pricing. 500K. That's our sweet spot. It's 500,000. See, that's only 280. I think their deliverability sucks. Go to Send Fox. Send Fox.

2:34:48 - Xander
Send Fox.

2:34:53 - Justin Bellware
Because you can pay for a lifetime license, but you only get 5,000 contacts, 300,000 lifetime sends. Let's see what. Because you got Pro is white label, no Send Fox. Yeah, okay, cool. What's the pricing on Pro though?

2:35:14 - Xander
That's oh, here it's expensive 399 for a 250.

2:35:25 - Justin Bellware
That's 2 million cents a month.

2:35:29 - Xander
Oh, that's contacts. Okay.

2:35:33 - Justin Bellware
So if we have 50,000 contacts, we could do 400,000 cents a month.

2:35:37 - Xander
This is cheap then.

2:35:39 - Justin Bellware
And they have 400,000. 450 cents. They have pretty good deliverability. So if we double our list, even put out 100,000, what does it cost?

2:35:49 - Xander
150. 150 for 800k cents.

2:35:56 - Justin Bellware
So that's the ticket right there. And you get it on App Sumo and then go from there. So I'll get Send Fox as well. Let me start a new. All right. So I'm going to sign up for Send Fox. While we're doing this, so to know the trick is get rid of auto-send. They're too expensive. So clear that tab out to the left. I'll go to the left. Yeah, as much as I love them, there's a lot of others like them. I think resend. Hold on, go on SendFox real quick. Go back to it. There's probably no SMTP for that.

2:37:22 - Xander
Maybe we can schedule a call first.

2:37:25 - Justin Bellware
No, it's okay. You see how they're comparing themselves to Kit, Beehive, and MailChimp. 79, 199, 169. Oh, because Beehive's our other one. That's our flagship. People opt in, they go to Beehive. We send from ListMonk and SendFox. So that makes sense. That's our three. That's our triumph red. On list on List Monk, we've got Bird. And we need to be warming up another SMTP as well. So Bird with two SMTPs to start with.

2:38:14 - Xander
Two SMTPs for Bird.

2:38:16 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, no, for LispMonk. So Bird, and then we'll be warming up. I think maybe a resend. Don't hold me to that just yet, because it could be Turbo or Mailer, like any one of these I think are pretty good. I think resend, I like them. So let's put them in there for right now. But it could be any SMTP. Go ahead and click out of Turbo, click out of SMTP to go. Mailer sends actually pretty good. Let me see their pricing again: 35 for 50,000. What is their pricing on starter for, or I guess even hobby, right? Like, what's their pricing for just still expensive, right?

2:39:02 - Xander
They have SMS.

2:39:04 - Justin Bellware
Yes, okay. You still got to register for it. Click on my mail send right now. Sinfox, also, yeah, on Sinfox, clear on Mailgun. Don't worry about it. They're good. We'll end up using all of these, right? Let's open up two more tabs. Actually, one more thing on Sinfox. Can we control it via API? Yeah, going to tell you to go to Appsumo. So hold on, we're in a second. That's not it. That's the company that Absumo is a whole different marketplace, but we're gonna go there next and check. That's what I was, that's what telling you to do. But just open up a new tab and just type in send fox API send fox API right there. Boom. So you can control it via API.

2:40:01 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

2:40:02 - Justin Bellware
We can create our own skills. That's all. We don't have, as long as I got an API, right? So now we can control SinFox from single brain. We can control list monk from single brain. Right? So now we got list monk. We're going have two SMTPs to start. Sinfox as well. We're going upload our contacts there and have them going from Sinfox, have them going out from ListMonk. And then we need to create our flagship newsletter. That's a really, that's our really good one. That's actually should be where Main Street Affiliates main newsletters actually at. And then we have the other two. That's where it makes sense. The other two that we talked about, right? So we had three, and we said, now just do two because we don't want to send three emails a day. The main one actually is on beehive. But when I say that, Xander, that's like future thinking. Right now, it is what it is. But in the future, that's how you structure it. Your main one is where people opt in, right? From LinkedIn, from every place else. That's your main one. And then you have your. Other two where they're kind of like your test brands, right? For right now, don't worry about it, don't make any changes. Hit App Sumo and just type in. Um, what you do is go to yep, hit search product, and just type in uh no, no, Sandfox, just type in um email, just type in email. Hold on. It's fine. Now hold on one second. Let me grab something real quick. All right, what you got? There's God.

2:42:10 - Unidentified Speaker
What is this there?

2:42:12 - Justin Bellware
So, App Sumo is a marketplace where you launch softwares for lifetime deals. So, you come here, you find a Sandbox where you pay one time for a lifetime for a lifetime deal, and you never have to pay again, but they always give you a small piece, right? They give you like a 10% for a lifetime deal because this is how you launch a software and get a bunch of subscribers for cheap or for, you know, saying to get your software going. Does that make sense? That's why they're all lifetime deals. That's what App Sumo is. Now you have a new subscriber and now you try to get them to where they're on a paid plan, right? So you see, Sandfox is on there because App Sumo owns them. That's their own software. Right? Every other software on here, they don't own them. People pay them to launch their software. Does that make sense?

2:43:04 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep.

2:43:06 - Justin Bellware
So that's why you always see Sandbox there. But you can look on here and you can see we can maybe potentially find something that has like a, because I have stuff I bought on here too, where you can send emails and stuff. And I mean, you know, deliverability and stuff is going to be sketchy, but those are templates and stuff. So type in email marketing. Yeah, sandbox is number one up top. Yeah, because it's their shit.

2:43:45 - Xander
They have email templates.

2:43:49 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, they got a bunch of stuff. We're looking for the actual. Email recoon email verifier. Hit re or reun and open that up. New tab. No, just new tab. I'll just say open it up and send it to me. Actually, I'll just look at myself. I'll look at myself. So I'll come on here. I'll just look. I'm gonna have to go through and look through, and you don't know necessarily what to do. Right, but feel free to do yourself. I just don't, I just don't always waste your time, you know. I got my game plan now, right? So, in a if I'm recapping, recap with me, we'll do sin box.

2:44:36 - Xander
We got for the main one, yeah, yeah.

2:44:39 - Justin Bellware
For right now, don't worry about beehive though. We got List Monk with our two SMTPs. We're warming up. We're trying to get those to 50K a day each, right? Which would be, or we're actually so yeah, 50K a day each because we're trying to get our list to 50K, right? So I'm working on data and stuff. We want to get our list to 50,000. To start with, that's our first benchmark. If we're sending out on two SMTPs, that's $100,000. And then we have that 50K per day going out on Sandfox, right? Because that's $250,000 a week, that's $1,000 a month. Whereas, you know, we could send out, if you go to 50K, go to 50K, that's 400,000 per month, which is 100,000 a week, which is 25,000. A day. And that works. I'm cool with that. Go to 100,000. That's 150 to get 200,000 a week. It's 40,000 a day. So if we get our list to 50,000, we're rating that little sweet spot. You know, we're rating that sweet spot. So we have two SMTPs.

2:46:05 - Xander
So, we'll use the same SMTP in Sandfox. Use the bird and resend the song.

2:46:11 - Justin Bellware
Sinfox is its own SMTP. Yeah, this is its own newsletter platform. That's why I said film control via API. So you don't have to log in and do stuff once you get it.

2:46:23 - Xander
It's a lot better.

2:46:28 - Justin Bellware
So, Sinfox, List Monk with two SMTPs. That's our focus right now. Three newsletters for us, three sends a day to the list. And then from KPI perspectives, we want to be generating Let's say we want to be generating a new booked call for every send we do. Very low KPI. That's very low KPI. If we're getting our list, even that 20,000 on our list right now, if we're sending to all 20,000, we want to be generating a new booked call for every list for every send we do. If we're sending three sends a day, really four, actually, because we have the niche-specific newsletters too that we may send out. Three concepts for ours, two that are built. Follow me so far for cents a day. I'm not saying four days, right? Follow me, follow me here for a second, follow me. Right now, we have right now, we have three concepts on our newsletter, right? Referral channel, we have Main Street Affiliate. Those two are built, and then we have another concept for the power partner JV, right? Exactly. And then we also have the niche-specific newsletters that you've already built out that look really good. I'm thinking we keep the concept, the concept. We got Main Street we'll send out every day. Referral channel we'll send out every day. The niche specific one will send out every day, right? So that's our three sends a day. I'd like to have a book deployment for each send. I think that's a very low KPI. It's also not the only KPI. To average at least a 30% open rate, which means what? How do you get open rates? No, no, that's no, it's not.

2:48:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Don't They open the email.

2:48:59 - Xander
Yeah.

2:48:59 - Xander
How do you get first of all? It has to land in their inbox.

2:49:04 - Justin Bellware
That's it, right? Number one. So you like this notes down too, right? If I'm getting my open rate, how do I get there? Number one, it's got to land in the inbox. What's the second thing?

2:49:13 - Xander
They got to open it.

2:49:15 - Justin Bellware
No, no, make sure you take these notes, right? Or 30% open rate. Number one is deliverability, right? So, drop that down, deliverability, right? Because we're doing KPIs, right? So, right, if I want to get a 30% open rate, I need to get it delivered to the inbox.

2:49:31 - Xander
Number two, shouldn't land in the spam.

2:49:35 - Justin Bellware
Well, that's deliverability, right? So I need to put next to the deliverability primary, primary inbox. Put it next to it. So same line, same line, same line. That's your primary inbox, right? Number two, my subject line, my subject line. The subject line is what gets to open, right? Number three is your preview. Because on most emails, you have the subject, and then you know how it shows you that first like sentence in the email. That's what that's the other thing, too. So get it delivered, have a good subject, and don't mess it up on the preview. You don't have to say anything special, just don't say the wrong thing, right? Don't have it look like a spam email, right? Do those three, you're going to get a higher 30% open. Okay, that's the first KPI. The second KPI is traffic. Right. Don't put traffic though, put link clicks. Put traffic, but it's link clicks. Put traffic, but it's link clicks, right? That's what it's called. Right. We want to get, and you can look this up, but I wouldn't go too much by stats because there's a lot of bad stats out there too. But say we'd want to get, our goal is a 10% link click through. Click rate.

2:51:06 - Xander
Exactly.

2:51:08 - Justin Bellware
How do we get a 10% click rate? High quality content. Relevant content. It needs to be high quality. It needs to be relevant. And it needs to tell them. So call it to action. Right. You need to tell them, tell them what to do. That's our starting point. We'll probably add to that, right? But if we can get 30% to open, and out of those 30%, so we send up to a list of 10,000, 3,000 open, right? If you look at your stats, that's not far off. You're at like 22% right now. And you just found out that you need to have a good, a good subject line, right? So you see, it's actually not hard, right? And then out of those 3,000 that open, if I can get 300 to click through, especially when you have three or four links in there, right? That's actually only like 30, 40, you know what I'm saying? 40 or so link clicks per article out of 3,000 that opened. You see how when you break down the numbers, it sounds like a lot until you break it down and you're like, that's actually, it's not really that much, you know? So good call to action. That's it. So that's our goals here, right? That's our KPIs, right? Let's go back up to KPIs. You got Main Street Referral Niche, right?

2:52:43 - Xander
So for niche specific, I just want to ask, for niche specific, we're going to be sending to all niches daily or one niche daily.

2:52:53 - Justin Bellware
Well, all niche, each niche is going to have one email. For their niche, the niche specific. So, solar, they have the solar installer one, right? That's a solar send. They're going to have that send every day. And then they're going to have a main street affiliate and then a referral channel.

2:53:17 - Xander
That's a lot of news there.

2:53:19 - Justin Bellware
That's what I'm saying. That's why I want you to focus on just this, right? Because we can, because it has to be high quality too. It can't be crap. And you're doing an excellent job. You got me inspired, right? I was a little bit hesitant in the beginning because I I know you do content and stuff, but I know you haven't done this before, but you did it. You're doing an amazing job. So, like, just you know, the content and keeping up with it is going to be a little stressful in the beginning until you get a system in place, but you'll figure it out. Number one, KPI, though. Main Street referral niche specific, right? Those are the sends. The number one KPI above that, above them, though. Number one three sends, three sends a day, right? We want to get to where we're sending, yeah, we're sending 150 a day because we'll have 50 on the list, right? Let's say 150 a day, 600,000 a week. 2.5 million. So say KPI, 2.5 million per month.

2:54:24 - Unidentified Speaker
That's good.

2:54:26 - Justin Bellware
It sounds like it, right? But it's not. Think about it. We got a list of 20,000 right now. If I, this weekend, I'm going to work on data. I'm fill out the rest of the list. We're going to get to 50,000, right? I'm going to get you 50,000 leads, right? Even if I got to spend more money than I want to, I'm you to 50,000 leads. And then from there, we're just sending it out to the list. Now we'll lose a little bit of people once we have volume, right?

2:54:50 - Xander
Another thing that I'm thinking as well is: I think the three cents daily is high for starters. Like, we're going be doing like maybe, I'm thinking maybe Main Street and referral daily. Then for niche, I think we're going to start with two niche per day because. As you said, getting the systems in place or like the quality, judging the quality of everything is stressful in the beginning as well. Considering that we have how many niches do we have? One, two, three, four, five. So let's do the leads as well. Do you want to like even out the number per niche or so you can base it here?

2:55:57 - Justin Bellware
There's at least 5,000 of yeah, there's at least 5,000 of each, if not 10,000, right? I love the mental coaching. So that's one niche we'll do for sure. And just coaching in general. I like the marketing agencies. We'll add AI agencies. I don't know if I'm a huge fan of PR, but we've got them.

2:56:19 - Xander
And I think PR is good. It's one of the best performing so far that I have seen that's good.

2:56:25 - Justin Bellware
Okay. So we'll stick with that. Maybe we'll do two a day. Fine, Xander, we'll just do two.

2:56:34 - Xander
We're still doing the A-B testing. So it's just my thoughts.

2:56:42 - Justin Bellware
We just got to make sure we have enough to keep our STPs busy, too, right? So, why don't we plan on referral channel and niche specific two cents a day, Main Street affiliate, three cents a week, or one cent a day for each, right? And then Main Street affiliate three cents a week.

2:57:19 - Xander
Can you repeat that? Main said Main Street and Main Street.

2:57:24 - Justin Bellware
Let's do 3x. 3x referral channel 2x niche specific we'll send daily but we can choose the niche per day yeah niche specific daily um yeah daily now actually Just do 3x for right now. Let's say Monday, Wednesday, Friday. For right now, for right now, for this week. Okay, Xander, for this week.

2:58:08 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

2:58:08 - Justin Bellware
But a week after that, I'm expecting, you know. But I also need those verified leads. This is why we need to have that home base, right? Where I can grab those because I can drop those into email campaigns to send out on Monday for cold email, too. As a matter I'm do that. So give me the data too, as well. We have those all over the place. This is where I need that home base, right? We need to have, like, create a railway dashboard where I can access the data. I can access, I can see all the stats, right? Do this thing right, man. Let's build the business, right? Because that's also what we do, what? Take a screenshot, put it on social media. You see what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? Right. And then it's like, boom, this is how I track my email. And then they can see all the stats. You don't even have to talk about it. Just talk about the dashboard and they'll see the stacks in the picture and oh shit.

2:59:10 - Xander
Sending it here as well, just for starters, but I'll build out your dashboard.

2:59:15 - Justin Bellware
And those are the verifiers.

2:59:18 - Xander
That's a lot.

2:59:20 - Justin Bellware
Those are the verify leads, right?

2:59:24 - Xander
These are from three batches. So, correct me, or if I'm wrong. So, the first one is from Smarty, the first batch. And we check through it to the column there.

2:59:37 - Justin Bellware
Hold on, man. I can see you got a folder that says clean leads, man.

2:59:43 - Xander
No, no, no, I'm just uh saying you I'm just telling you the sources of the of these lists, but basically I I cleaned them up. So I put it there and then I put it in the final list. But I'm just telling you where I got them.

2:59:58 - Justin Bellware
Okay. Okay.

3:00:00 - Xander
So, first of all, it's in the first batch, which is from Smart Read. So Claude was able to sort that out based on the because we actually sent through SmartLead, right? And there's a column there saying if it's a deliverable or stuff like that. So Claude sorted the first for CSV and then put them in the twin, in the tween folder. Then the next one, this is from the reacher, you know, the what do you call that? The one you created, Justin? The email verifier? Yep, manage, yeah. So I downloaded the deliverables from that one. So I think it's this.

3:00:47 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

3:00:49 - Xander
Yep. So out of the eleven CSVs, there are there's actually duplicates, so it automatically removed them. So I'm I'm so I can take note of all the leads. And then for the last batch, for the last batch, it's from the solar engines from the Appify scrape yesterday. Yeah. So that's where I got the final list. Which is this? So, if there's you know, there's something that should be flagged, or if the leads there are not clean, you can tell me and I can.

3:01:40 - Justin Bellware
Are you sure that's the clean ones you gave me in the Slack now?

3:01:44 - Xander
The clean ones I gave are from the final list. So, I asked Lud to actually, because in the clean leads, these are just from the first four.

3:01:55 - Justin Bellware
So, the final. The final list you just gave me, the ones in Slack are the final list. Those are definitely the ones that are clean.

3:02:01 - Xander
Yeah, yeah.

3:02:03 - Justin Bellware
All right, that's cool. So, I can say I can take those lead lists and I can literally give Claude and or to Single Brain right now. Matter of fact, that's what I'll do. So, I'll just literally start a thread and tell Single Brain to make like personalized copies. I just got to give it the frameworks and stuff, right? So I might just download it and do one by one and do different threads, keep it simple so it doesn't confused.

3:02:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

3:02:31 - Justin Bellware
I'll have those going out. So now we have there's 20,000 there total around 19,000, 19,000.

3:02:40 - Xander
The summary is here as well.

3:02:42 - Justin Bellware
Dude, that's great. That takes a lot of pressure off me, actually, right? Because I'll send them all a cold email on Monday, right? And put them in sequences, right? Gets them, you know, on the affiliate calls, right? So, cool, cool, we're gonna get started, right?

3:02:59 - Xander
Because that's actually one thing that I'm working on as well, you know, sorting out the elites so everything is prepared.

3:03:09 - Justin Bellware
Yeah, we're good there.

3:03:12 - Justin Bellware
So, let me see this real quick. Let me get go to threads. Scroll down.

3:03:31 - Xander
Can you still see my screen?

3:03:37 - Justin Bellware
Your threads are a little bit different than mine, I think. Go ahead, scroll down one more time. All right, yeah, let me get a screen share. Okay. I think I'm in the data channel, so you just don't threads, right? But this, I gave it the app by key. And so yesterday it pulled $13,000. $89 is what it said. Solar 44, Jim's 40, 44, 6, 95. So yeah, same numbers as you. And out of 13,000. 2006. So yeah, I pulled the same number. Okay, cool. I just thought that was different for a second. So there's 2,696 unverified, another 1,300 invalid. So 6,000 total contacts, right? So if you do 6,000 for 100, that would be 20 for every thousand, every 1500, but those are not verified yet, right? No, but that's where the enrichment comes from, right? Going through and out the enrichment step, right? Because that's 6,000 more we add to the list, right? And we just keep getting good at that part.

3:05:38 - Unidentified Speaker
Cool.

3:05:39 - Unidentified Speaker
All right.

3:05:43 - Unidentified Speaker
So, good.

3:05:44 - Justin Bellware
You know what you're doing, man. Knock it out. Make that dashboard and home-based for me. I know it's late in the day now on a Friday, so you may not be able to get to it today, but do your best to give me what you can so I can see and then let's make sure that's a priority next week with the newsletters. And then just keep an eye on LinkedIn, right? Let's respond back to conversations as they come in. We got Slack's notifications, you don't have to worry about it distracting you. And just nail the email sends, right? We're only sending 2,000 a day right now, so we're not getting any responses. Um, and we're not trying to get responses, right? We're just sending out educational value content now that we have a flagship newsletter, we're going to be sending out three times a week. A niche-specific newsletter, we're going to be sending out three times a week, and then we have the referral channel we'll send out twice a week. So, two flagships, right? We're almost kind of split-testing those two, right? We're going to have um A good chance this week to see to get some better results because we're send out to the whole list, right? Or to all the lists, I should say, right? There's not that many of each on the niche-specific ones, and then we'll have a master list with all of them total, right? And so what we send out, we'll get some better results there, some ideas there. Be prepared for some complaints, be prepared for SMTPs to get shut down. I've got to get signed up for Sinfox. That's okay. That's why I say we always say, that's what we always got to have. If we have two that we're mainly sending from, we actually have three because there's always one that's warming up. You know what I'm saying? That'll be that other SMTP that we were talking about. Right. Now you have heard.

3:07:30 - Xander
but I haven't purchased the recent plan yet for 20 bucks, you get 50,000, right?

3:07:38 - Justin Bellware
Yep, go ahead and do it. Okay, I got a feeling they're going to be pretty lenient. I don't think they actually care. Because I also have. Agent mail that's different, right? That's bit different. That's not an SMTP, yeah. So, Sinfox, SMS on my end, or SES on my end. Also, Appsumo, Absumo, so don't be surprised if I find something there, too. We got List Monk, Sinfox, that's our main two right now. We'll add in Behab Next, that's our flagship. In the meantime, you got newsletters and LinkedIn. That's your sole priority. And LinkedIn should be pretty automated now. You got a list that's running through four profiles. I think I saw 1500 on that list. So that's literally 7, 14, 2 times 100, 50, 200.

3:08:42 - Unidentified Speaker
So you got 250.

3:08:43 - Justin Bellware
So that should last you probably about a month. That one list. So, LinkedIn should be pretty automated. Just got to take care of responses and book people in. And then, so you're focused on the newsletters and the links, like the trafficking conversions. That's your area of responsibility. I'm going to focus on the data. I'm obviously doing the cold email and the sales too as well. And then let's do it, man. Let's make it happen, bro. We're a male house. We are an affiliate, affiliate male house. This is exciting. I love this shit, man. I love this shit. Isn't this the fun stuff?

3:09:29 - Xander
It's fun, but you know, I hope it performs well. It's kind of nervous as well, but it's fun and exciting.

3:09:38 - Justin Bellware
Why are you nervous? What are you nervous about?

3:09:42 - Xander
like the s tp getting blocked or you know not performing well it's It's going to.

3:09:47 - Justin Bellware
Those things are going to happen. That's why we have to, if you notice, that's why I keep adding on two, three, four SMTP. It's going to, I'm say if that's four, it goes before, right? Like it's going to happen, right? We're going to have a 0%, 0.02% bounce rate, and they're still going to shut us down, right? For because it's marketing content on a transactional SMTP. We're going to send out transactional messages on a transactional SMTP and they're going to say, oh, you know, spam word filter or whatever, right? There's just stuff that's going to happen. That's okay. We're going to create multiple accounts on the same SMTP that just shut us down. It's okay. It's going to happen, right? A lot of this stuff is technology in the background. We might send out an email one day and it says money in the email or it says dollars. Right? It might say, you might say, email that says, hey, get this for me. This one company is selling something for nine bucks. And we're just, it's a news article, right? But it flags their AI filter that says that we're sending marketing content and it gets shut down. Stuff like that is going to happen. So don't worry about that stuff. We can, you know, how many mail gun accounts I've made in my life? Life like dozens I'm telling you dozens dozens right here I'll show you one thing just to to kind of um hit that home watch this if I go to instantly right this is the the cold email platform if I go to account settings watch this how many how many times have I made an instantly account How many times have I made an instantly account? What I'm saying? It doesn't matter, dude. It really doesn't matter. They don't care either, too. They know that you just find somebody has to hop on with these companies and talk to the people, and they'll be like, dude, just make another account. You know what I'm saying? Like, it doesn't matter, right? So, a mail gun, same thing, right? I haven't even, this is a pretty new computer, but I think it's the same browser, right? I go to Mailgun, it may or may not even be saved, right? So, I don't want to put my foot in my mouth. But if I go to login, you know what I'm saying, and that's just on this browser, right? That's saved in this browser, right? It's okay, man. It's okay. All right. So we'll do that. We'll do that many, many times, and we'll have fun with it too. We'll laugh about it.

3:12:30 - Xander
Right.

3:12:30 - Justin Bellware
Because this shit actually doesn't matter. Like, that stuff doesn't matter. I should say. All right, man.

3:12:40 - Xander
All right.

3:12:44 - Justin Bellware
Let's do it to it. Let's make it happen. I think they own Rio too. Let know if anything, man. Let's go crush it to get everything you can and get done today. I know it's getting late. And let's hit it hard, man. 2 million cents a month. 2 million cents a month, just for us. That's just for us. That's internal. 10 million for the business, 2 million for us. That's our goals.

3:13:13 - Xander
That's a bad book. Let's do it. That's what we do.

3:13:17 - Justin Bellware
Have a good weekend, man.

3:13:18 - Xander
Thanks, Kristen. You as well.